https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wikimedia_Conference_2017_%E2%80%93_228.jpg ‎
 

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
You cannot overwrite this file.The following 2 pages use this file:
The following other wikis use this file:
This file contains additional information such as Exif metadata which may have been added by the digital camera, scanner, or software program used to create or digitize it. If the file has been modified from its original state, some details such as the timestamp may not fully reflect those of the original file. The timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong. ‎
 

Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
You cannot overwrite this file.The following 2 pages use this file:
The following other wikis use this file:
This file contains additional information such as Exif metadata which may have been added by the digital camera, scanner, or software program used to create or digitize it. If the file has been modified from its original state, some details such as the timestamp may not fully reflect those of the original file. The timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong.
	
	
	


	
	
	
		From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository
		
		
		
		
		
		
		Size of this preview: . 
Add a one-line explanation of what this file represents

 Blossom Ozurumba and Shannon Eichelberger speaking in the Closing Session of Wikimedia Conference 2017



Although this work is  or in the , the  may have  that  unless those depicted consent to such uses. In these cases, a  or other evidence of consent could protect you from infringement claims. Though not obliged to do so, the uploader may be able to help you to obtain such evidence. See our  for more information.



















		Retrieved from ""
		: Hidden categories: 
		
		
	

    
    
        

	
	


        
            
	
	


	
	
	


        
        
            
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
			
			
			
			
		


        
    
    

	
		
	
	
		
		
			
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
			
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
			
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
			
			
		
	
	



	
	
	
	
