https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union


The  () is a political and economic union of  that are located primarily in . Its members have a combined area of 4,233,255.3 km (1,634,469.0 sq mi) and an estimated total population of about 447 million. The EU has developed  through a standardised  that apply in all member states in those matters, and only those matters, where members have agreed to act as one. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs and maintain common policies on trade, ,  and . For travel within the , passport controls have been abolished.  was established in 1999, coming into full force in 2002, and is composed of  which use the .
The EU and  were established when the  came into force in 1993. The EU traces its origins to the  (ECSC) and the  (EEC), established, respectively, by the 1951  and 1957 . The original members of what came to be known as the  were the : Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and . The Communities and their successors have grown in size by  and in power by the addition of policy areas to their remit. The latest major amendment to the constitutional basis of the EU, the , came into force in 2009. 
In January 2020, the  became the first member state ever to . Following a , the UK  and  a .  
The UK is in a transitional phase until at least 31 December 2020, during which it remains subject to EU law and part of the EU single market and customs union. Before this, only three territories of member states had  or its forerunners, these being  (in 1962, upon independence),  (in 1985, following a referendum) and  (in 2012).
Containing in 2020 some 5.8% of the world population, the EU in 2017 (including the United Kingdom) had generated a nominal  (GDP) of around 20 trillion US dollars, constituting approximately 25% of global . Additionally, all EU countries have a very high , according to the . In 2012, the EU was awarded the . Through the , the EU has developed a role in  and . The union maintains permanent  throughout the world and  at the , the , the  and the . Due to its global influence, the European Union has been described as an .
During the centuries following the  in 476, several European States viewed themselves as  ("transfer of rule") of the defunct : the  (481–843) and the  (962–1806) were thereby attempts to resurrect . This political philosophy of a supra-national rule over the continent, similar to the example of the ancient Roman Empire, resulted in the early Middle Ages in the concept of a  ("restoration of the empire"), either in the forms of the  ("imperial idea") or the religiously inspired  ("christian empire"). Medieval  and the political power of the  are often cited as conducive to European integration and unity.
In the oriental parts of the continent, the , and ultimately the  (1547–1917), declared Moscow to be  and inheritor of the  after the  in 1453. The gap between  had already been widened by the political scission of the Roman Empire in the 4th century and the ; and would be eventually widened again by the  (1945–91).

Pan-European political thought truly emerged during the 19th century, inspired by the liberal ideas of the  and  after the demise of  (1804–15). In the decades following the outcomes of the , ideals of European unity flourished across the continent, especially in the writings of ,  or . The term  (: ) was used at that time by  during a speech at the  held in Paris in 1849:A day will come when all nations on our continent will form a European brotherhood ... A day will come when we shall see ... the United States of America and the United States of Europe face to face, reaching out for each other across the seas.During the , the consciousness that national markets in Europe were interdependent though confrontational, along with the observation of a larger and growing US market on the other side of the ocean, nourished the urge for the economic integration of the continent. In 1920, advocating the creation of a , British economist  wrote that "a Free Trade Union should be established ... to impose no protectionist tariffs whatever against the produce of other members of the Union." During the same decade, , one of the first to imagine of a modern political union of Europe, founded the . His ideas influenced his contemporaries, among which then  . In 1929, the latter gave a speech in favour of a European Union before the assembly of the , precursor of the . In a  in March 1943, with war still raging, Britain's leader Sir   warmly of "restoring the true greatness of Europe" once victory had been achieved, and mused on the post-war creation of a "Council of Europe" which would bring the European nations together to build peace.
After ,  was seen as an antidote to the extreme nationalism which had devastated parts of the continent. In a speech delivered on 19 September 1946 at the , Switzerland,  went further and advocated the emergence of a . The 1948  was a pivotal moment in European federal history, as it led to the creation of the  and of the , where Europe's future leaders would live and study together.
It also led directly to the founding of the  in 1949, the first great effort to bring the nations of Europe together, initially ten of them. The Council focused primarily on values—human rights and democracy—rather than on economic or trade issues, and was always envisaged as a forum where sovereign governments could choose to work together, with no supra-national authority. It raised great hopes of further European integration, and there were fevered debates in the two years that followed as to how this could be achieved.
But in 1952, disappointed at what they saw as the lack of progress within the Council of Europe, six nations decided to go further and created the , which was declared to be "a first step in the federation of Europe". This community helped to economically integrate and coordinate the large number of  funds from the . European leaders  from Italy,  and  from France, and  from Belgium understood that coal and steel were the two industries essential for waging war, and believed that by tying their national industries together, future war between their nations became much less likely. These men and others are officially credited as the .
In 1957, Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and West Germany signed the , which created the  (EEC) and established a . They also signed another pact creating the  (Euratom) for co-operation in developing . Both treaties came into force in 1958.
The EEC and Euratom were created separately from the ECSC and they shared the same courts and the Common Assembly. The EEC was headed by  () and Euratom was headed by  () and then . Euratom was to integrate sectors in nuclear energy while the EEC would develop a customs union among members.
During the 1960s, tensions began to show, with France seeking to limit supranational power. Nevertheless, in 1965 an agreement was reached and on 1 July 1967 the  created a single set of institutions for the three communities, which were collectively referred to as the .   the first merged Commission ().
In 1973, the Communities were enlarged to include  (including , which later  in 1985, following a dispute over fishing rights), , and the . Norway had negotiated to join at the same time, but Norwegian voters rejected membership in a . In 1979, the  to the European Parliament were held.
 joined in 1981,  and  following in 1986. In 1985, the  paved the way for the creation of open borders without passport controls between most member states and some non-member states. In 1986, the  began to be used by the EEC and the  was signed.
In 1990, after , the former  became part of the Communities as part of a . A close fiscal integration with the introduction of the euro was not matched by institutional oversight making things more troubling. Attempts to solve the problems and to make the EU more efficient and coherent had limited success.
The European Union was formally established when the —whose main architects were  and —came into force on 1 November 1993. The treaty also gave the name  to the EEC, even if it was referred as such before the treaty. With further enlargement planned to include the former  of Central and Eastern Europe, as well as  and , the  for candidate members to join the EU were agreed upon in June 1993. The expansion of the EU introduced a new level of complexity and discord. In 1995, , , and   the EU.
In 2002, euro banknotes and coins replaced national currencies in 12 of the member states. Since then, the  has increased to encompass 19 countries. The euro currency became the second largest reserve currency in the world. In 2004, the EU saw  when , the , , , , , , , , and  joined the Union.
In 2007,  and  became EU members. The same year,  adopted the euro, followed in 2008 by  and , by  in 2009, by  in 2011, by  in 2014, and by  in 2015.
On 1 December 2009, the  entered into force and reformed many aspects of the EU. In particular, it changed the legal structure of the European Union, merging the  system into a single legal entity provisioned with a , created a permanent , the first of which was , and strengthened the position of the .
In 2012, the EU received the  for having "contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy, and human rights in Europe." In 2013,  became the 28th EU member.
From the beginning of the 2010s, the cohesion of the European Union has been tested by several issues, including , , and the . A  was held in 2016, with 51.9% of participants voting to leave. The UK formally notified the European Council of its decision to leave on 29 March 2017, initiating the ; following extensions to the process, the UK left the European Union on 31 January 2020, though most areas of EU law will continue to apply to the UK for a transition period lasting until the end of 2020 at the earliest.
The following timeline illustrates the  that has led to the formation of the present union, in terms of structural development driven by international treaties:
On 1 February 2020, the   in accordance with . Between then and (as of February 2020) 31 December 2020, a  is in operation that keeps in place all other aspects of the relationship to allow businesses to prepare and for a  to be negotiated.
The criteria for accession to the Union are included in the , agreed in 1993, and the  (Article 49). Article 49 of the Maastricht Treaty (as amended) says that any "European state" that respects the "principles of liberty, democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the rule of law", may apply to join the EU.  Whether a country is European or not is subject to  by the EU institutions.
There are five recognised candidates for future  of the Union:  (applied on 14 April 1987),  (applied on 22 March 2004 as "Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia"),  (applied in 2008),  (applied in 2009), and  (applied in 2009). While the others are progressing, Turkish talks are at an effective standstill.
As of 1 February 2020, the population of the European Union was about 447 million people (5.8% of the world population). In 2015, 5.1 million children were born in the EU-28, corresponding to a  of 10 per 1,000, which is 8 births below the world average. For comparison, the EU-28 birth rate had stood at 10.6 in 2000, 12.8 in 1985 and 16.3 in 1970. Its  rate was positive at an estimated 0.23% in 2016.
In 2010, 47.3 million people who lived in the EU were born outside their resident country. This corresponds to 9.4% of the total EU population. Of these, 31.4 million (6.3%) were born outside the EU and 16.0 million (3.2%) were born in another EU member state. The largest absolute numbers of people born outside the EU were in Germany (6.4 million), France (5.1 million), the United Kingdom (4.7 million), Spain (4.1 million), Italy (3.2 million), and the Netherlands (1.4 million). In 2017, approximately 825,000 people acquired  of a member state of the European Union. The  were nationals of Morocco, Albania, India, Turkey and Pakistan. 2.4 million  from non-EU countries entered the EU in 2017.
The EU contains about 40 urban areas with populations of over one million. The largest metropolitan areas in the EU  are  and . These are followed by , , , , and , all with a metropolitan population of over 4 million.
The EU also has numerous polycentric urbanised regions like  (, ,  et al.),  (, , ,  et al.),  (), the  (, , ,  et al.) and  (,  et al.).



Survey 2012.
Native: Native language
Total: EU citizens able to hold aconversation in this language
The European Union has 24 official languages: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and . Important documents, such as legislation, are translated into every official language and the  provides translation for documents and plenary sessions.
Due to the high number of official languages, most of the institutions use only a handful of working languages. The European Commission conducts its internal business in three : English, French, and German. Similarly, the  uses French as the working language, while the  conducts its business primarily in English.
Even though  is the responsibility of member states, EU institutions promote multilingualism among its citizens. English is the most widely spoken language in the EU, being understood by 51% of the EU population when counting both native and non-native speakers. German is the most widely spoken mother tongue (18% of the EU population), followed by French (13% of the EU population). In addition, both are official languages of several EU member states. More than half (56%) of EU citizens are able to engage in a conversation in a language other than their mother tongue.
A total of twenty official languages of the EU belong to the  , represented by the , the , the , the , and the  branches. Only four languages, namely , ,  (all three ), and  (), are not Indo-European languages. The three official alphabets of the European Union (, , and ) all derive from the .
 (in Luxembourg) and  (in Cyprus) are the only two national languages that are not official languages of the EU. On 26 February 2016 it was made public that Cyprus has asked to make Turkish an official EU language, in a “gesture” that could help solve the . Already in 2004, it was planned that Turkish would become an official language when Cyprus reunites.
Besides the 24 official languages, there are about 150  and , spoken by up to 50 million people. ,  and  are not recognised official languages of the European Union but have semi-official status in one member state (Spain): therefore, official translations of the treaties are made into them and citizens have the right to correspond with the institutions in these languages. The  ratified by most EU states provides general guidelines that states can follow to protect their linguistic heritage. The  is held annually on 26 September and is aimed at encouraging language learning across Europe.
The EU has no formal connection to any religion. The Article 17 of the  recognises the "status under national law of churches and religious associations" as well as that of "philosophical and non-confessional organisations".
The preamble to the  mentions the "cultural, religious and humanist inheritance of Europe". Discussion over the draft texts of the European Constitution and later the  included proposals to mention  or a , or both, in the preamble of the text, but the idea faced opposition and was dropped.
Christians in the European Union are divided among members of Catholicism (both  and ), numerous  denominations (, , and  forming the bulk of this category), and the . In 2009, the EU had an estimated  of 13 million, and an estimated  of over a million. The other world religions of , , and  are also represented in the EU population.
According to new polls about religiosity in the European Union in 2015 by ,  is the largest religion in the European Union, accounting for 71.6% of the EU population.  are the largest Christian group, accounting for 45.3% of the EU population, while  make up 11.1%,  make up 9.6%, and other Christians make up 5.6%.
's  opinion polls showed in 2005 that 52% of EU citizens believed in a god, 27% in "some sort of spirit or life force", and 18% had no form of belief. Many countries have experienced falling church attendance and membership in recent years. The countries where the fewest people reported a religious belief were Estonia (16%) and the Czech Republic (19%). The most religious countries were Malta (95%, predominantly Roman Catholic) as well as Cyprus and Romania (both predominantly Orthodox) each with about 90% of citizens professing a belief in their respective god. Across the EU, belief was higher among women, older people, those with religious upbringing, those who left school at 15 or 16, and those "positioning themselves on the right of the political scale".
Through successive , the European Union has grown from the  (Belgium, France, West Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands) to the current 27. Countries accede to the union by becoming party to the founding , thereby subjecting themselves to the privileges and obligations of EU membership. This entails a partial delegation of sovereignty to the institutions in return for representation within those institutions, a practice often referred to as "pooling of sovereignty".
To become a member, a country must meet the , defined at the 1993 meeting of the European Council in Copenhagen. These require a stable democracy that respects human rights and the ; a functioning ; and the acceptance of the obligations of membership, including EU law. Evaluation of a country's fulfilment of the criteria is the responsibility of the European Council.  of the  provides the basis for a member to . Two territories have left the Union:  (an  of Denmark) withdrew in 1985; the United Kingdom formally invoked Article 50 of the Consolidated Treaty on European Union in 2016, and became the only sovereign state to leave when it  from the EU in 2020.
There are six countries that are recognised as : , , , , , and , though Iceland suspended negotiations in 2013.  and  are officially recognised as potential candidates, with Bosnia and Herzegovina having submitted a membership application.
The four countries forming the  (EFTA) are not EU members, but have partly committed to the EU's economy and regulations: Iceland,  and , which are a part of the  through the , and , which has similar ties through . The relationships of the , , , , and  include the use of the euro and other areas of co-operation. The following 27  (of which the map only shows territories situated in and around Europe) constitute the European Union:
The EU's member states cover an area of 4,233,262 square kilometres (1,634,472 sq mi). The EU's highest peak is  in the , 4,810.45 metres (15,782 ft) . The lowest points in the EU are , Denmark and , Netherlands, at 7 m (23 ft) below sea level.
The landscape, climate, and economy of the EU are influenced by its coastline, which is 65,993 kilometres (41,006 mi) long.
65,993 km (41,006 mi) coastline dominates the European climate (, Spain)
 in the  is the highest peak in the EU
The  (pictured in Budapest), is the longest river in the European Union
 National Park in Finland, where there are some 187,888 lakes larger than 500 square metres
Including the overseas territories of France which are located outside the continent of Europe, but which are members of the union, the EU experiences most  from  (north-east Europe) to tropical (), rendering meteorological averages for the EU as a whole meaningless. The majority of the population lives in areas with a temperate  (North-Western Europe and Central Europe), a  (Southern Europe), or a warm summer continental or  climate (Northern  and Central Europe).
The EU's population is highly urbanised, with some 75% of inhabitants living in  as of 2006. Cities are largely spread out across the EU with a large grouping in and around the .
The EU operates through a hybrid system of  and  decision-making, and according to the principles of  (which says that it should act only within the limits of the competences conferred on it by the ) and of  (which says that it should act only where an objective cannot be sufficiently achieved by the member states acting alone).  are passed in a variety of forms. Generally speaking, they can be classified into two groups: those which come into force without the necessity for national implementation measures (regulations) and those which specifically require national implementation measures (directives).
Constitutionally, the EU bears some resemblance to both a  and a , but has not formally defined itself as either. (It does not have a formal constitution: its status is defined by the  and the ). It is more integrated than a traditional confederation of states because the general level of government widely employs  in some decision-making among the member states, rather than relying exclusively on unanimity. It is less integrated than a federal state because it is not a state in its own right: sovereignty continues to flow 'from the bottom up', from the several peoples of the separate member states, rather than from a single undifferentiated whole. This is reflected in the fact that the member states remain the 'masters of the Treaties', retaining control over the allocation of competences to the Union through constitutional change (thus retaining so-called ); in that they retain control of the use of armed force; they retain control of taxation; and in that they retain a right of unilateral withdrawal from the Union under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. In addition, the principle of  requires that only those matters that need to be determined collectively are so determined.
The European Union has seven principal decision-making bodies, its : the , the , the , the , the , the  and the . Competence in scrutinising and amending legislation is shared between the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament, while executive tasks are performed by the European Commission and in a limited capacity by the European Council (not to be confused with the aforementioned Council of the European Union). The  of the  is determined by the European Central Bank. The interpretation and the application of EU law and the treaties are ensured by the Court of Justice of the European Union. The EU budget is scrutinised by the European Court of Auditors. There are also a number of ancillary bodies which advise the EU or operate in a specific area.
EU policy is in general promulgated by , which are then implemented in the  of its , and , which are immediately enforceable in all member states.  at EU level by special interest groups is regulated to try to balance the aspirations of private initiatives with public interest decision-making process
The  is one of three  of the EU, which together with the  is tasked with amending and approving the 's proposals.
The 705  (MEPs) are directly  by  every five years on the basis of . MEPs are elected on a national basis and they sit according to  rather than their nationality. Each country has a set number of seats and is divided into  where this does not affect the proportional nature of the voting system.
In the , the European Commission proposes legislation, which requires the joint approval of the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union to pass. This process applies to nearly all areas, including the . The Parliament is the final body to approve or reject the proposed membership of the Commission, and can attempt motions of censure on the Commission by appeal to the . The  (currently ) carries out the role of speaker in Parliament and represents it externally. The President and  are elected by MEPs every two and a half years.
The European Council gives political direction to the EU. It convenes at least four times a year and comprises the  (currently ), the  and one representative per  (either its  or ). The  (currently ) also takes part in its meetings. It has been described by some as the Union's "supreme political authority". It is actively involved in the negotiation of  and defines the EU's policy agenda and strategies.
The European Council uses its leadership role to sort out disputes between member states and the institutions, and to resolve political crises and disagreements over controversial issues and policies. It acts externally as a "" and  important documents (for example, international agreements and treaties).
Tasks for the  are ensuring the external representation of the EU, driving consensus and resolving divergences among member states, both during meetings of the European Council and over the periods between them.
The European Council should not be mistaken for the , an international organisation independent of the EU based in Strasbourg.
The  (also called the "Council" and the "Council of Ministers", its former title) forms one half of the EU's legislature. It consists of a  from each member state and meets in . Notwithstanding its different configurations, it is considered to be one single body. In addition to its legislative functions, the Council also exercises  in relations to the .
In some policies, there are several member states that ally with strategic partners within the Union. Examples of such alliances include the , , the , the , and the .
The  acts both as the EU's , responsible for the day-to-day running of the EU, and also the , with the sole power to propose laws for debate. The Commission is 'guardian of the Treaties' and is responsible for their efficient operation and policing. It operates  as a , with 27  for different areas of policy, one from each member state, though Commissioners are bound to represent the interests of the EU as a whole rather than their home state.
One of the 27 is the  ( for 2014–2019), , subject to the Parliament's approval. After the President, the most prominent Commissioner is the , who is  a  and is also chosen by the European Council. The other 26 Commissioners are subsequently appointed by the  in agreement with the nominated President. The 27 Commissioners as a single body are subject to approval (or otherwise) by vote of the .
The EU had an agreed budget of €120.7 billion for the year 2007 and €864.3 billion for the period 2007–2013, representing 1.10% and 1.05% of the EU-27's  forecast for the respective periods. In 1960, the budget of the then European Economic Community was 0.03% of GDP.
In the 2010 budget of €141.5 billion, the largest single expenditure item is "" with around 45% of the total budget. Next comes "" with approximately 31% of the total. "" takes up around 11%. "" accounts for around 6%. The "" and "" bring up the rear with approximately 6% and 1% respectively.
The  is legally obliged to provide the Parliament and the Council (specifically, the ) with "a statement of assurance as to the reliability of the accounts and the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions". The Court also gives opinions and proposals on financial legislation and anti-fraud actions. The Parliament uses this to decide whether to approve the Commission's handling of the budget.
The European Court of Auditors has signed off the European Union accounts every year since 2007 and, while making it clear that the European Commission has more work to do, has highlighted that most of the errors take place at national level. In their report on 2009 the auditors found that five areas of Union expenditure,  and the , were materially affected by error. The European Commission estimated in 2009 that the financial effect of irregularities was €1,863 million.
EU member states retain all powers not explicitly handed to the European Union. In some areas the EU enjoys exclusive competence. These are areas in which member states have renounced any capacity to enact legislation. In other areas the EU and its member states share the competence to legislate. While both can legislate, member states can only legislate to the extent to which the EU has not. In other policy areas the EU can only co-ordinate, support and supplement member state action but cannot enact legislation with the aim of harmonising national laws.
That a particular policy area falls into a certain category of competence is not necessarily indicative of what  is used for enacting legislation within that policy area. Different legislative procedures are used within the same category of competence, and even with the same policy area.
The distribution of competences in various policy areas between Member States and the Union is divided in the following three categories:
The EU is based on a series of . These first established the European Community and the EU, and then made amendments to those founding treaties. These are power-giving treaties which set broad policy goals and establish institutions with the necessary legal powers to implement those goals. These legal powers include the ability to enact legislation which can directly affect all member states and their inhabitants. The EU has , with the right to sign agreements and international treaties.
Under the principle of , national courts are required to enforce the treaties that their member states have ratified, and thus the laws enacted under them, even if doing so requires them to ignore conflicting national law, and (within limits) even constitutional provisions.
The  and supremacy doctrines were not explicitly set out the European Treaties but were developed by the Court of Justice itself over the 1960s, apparently under the influence of its then most influential judge, Frenchman 
The  of the EU—formally called the —consists of two courts: the  and the 
The Court of Justice primarily deals with cases taken by member states, the institutions, and  by the courts of member states. Because of the doctrines of  and supremacy, many judgments of the Court of Justice are automatically applicable within the internal legal orders of the member states.
The General Court mainly deals with cases taken by individuals and companies directly before the EU's courts, and the European Union Civil Service Tribunal adjudicates in disputes between the European Union and . Decisions from the General Court can be appealed to the Court of Justice but only on a point of law.
The treaties declare that the EU itself is "founded on the values of respect for , , democracy, , the  and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to  ... in a society in which pluralism, non-discrimination, tolerance, justice, solidarity and equality between women and men prevail."
In 2009, the  gave legal effect to the . The charter is a codified catalogue of  against which the EU's legal acts can be judged. It consolidates many rights which were previously recognised by the Court of Justice and derived from the "constitutional traditions common to the member states." The Court of Justice has long recognised fundamental rights and has, on occasion, invalidated EU legislation based on its failure to adhere to those fundamental rights.
Signing the  (ECHR) is a condition for EU membership previously, the EU itself could not accede to the Convention as it is neither a state nor had the competence to accede. The Lisbon Treaty and Protocol 14 to the ECHR have changed this: the former binds the EU to accede to the Convention while the latter formally permits it.
The EU is independent from the Council of Europe and they share purpose and ideas especially on rule of law, human rights and democracy. Further  and , the  of  are created by Council of Europe. The EU also promoted human rights issues in the wider world. The EU opposes the death penalty and has proposed its worldwide abolition. Abolition of the death penalty is a condition for EU membership.
The main legal acts of the EU come in three forms: , , and . Regulations become law in all member states the moment they come into force, without the requirement for any implementing measures, and automatically override conflicting domestic provisions. Directives require member states to achieve a certain result while leaving them discretion as to how to achieve the result. The details of how they are to be implemented are left to member states. When the time limit for implementing directives passes, they may, under certain conditions, have  in national law against member states.
Decisions offer an alternative to the two above modes of legislation. They are legal acts which only apply to specified individuals, companies or a particular member state. They are most often used in , or on rulings on State Aid, but are also frequently used for procedural or administrative matters within the institutions. Regulations, directives, and decisions are of equal legal value and apply without any formal hierarchy.
The  was established by the . The  is elected by the  for the length of the Parliament's term, and the position is renewable. Any EU citizen or entity may appeal to the ombudsman to investigate an EU institution on the grounds of maladministration (administrative irregularities, unfairness, discrimination, abuse of power, failure to reply, refusal of information or unnecessary delay). The Irish  is the current ombudsman since 2013.
The borders inside the  between Germany and Austria
 Headquarters in , 
 Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands
Seat of  in , 
Since the creation of the EU in 1993, it has developed its competencies in the area of justice and home affairs; initially at an intergovernmental level and later by supranationalism. Accordingly, the Union has legislated in areas such as , family law, asylum law, and criminal justice. Prohibitions against sexual and nationality discrimination have a long standing in the treaties. In more recent years, these have been supplemented by powers to legislate against discrimination based on race, religion, disability, age, and sexual orientation. By virtue of these powers, the EU has enacted legislation on  in the work-place, , and .
The Union has also established agencies to co-ordinate police, prosecutorial and immigrations controls across the member states:  for co-operation of police forces,  for co-operation between prosecutors, and  for co-operation between border control authorities. The EU also operates the  which provides a common database for police and immigration authorities. This co-operation had to particularly be developed with the advent of open borders through the  and the associated cross border crime.
Foreign policy co-operation between member states dates from the establishment of the Community in 1957, when member states negotiated as a bloc in international trade negotiations under the . Steps for a more wide-ranging co-ordination in foreign relations began in 1970 with the establishment of  which created an informal consultation process between member states with the aim of forming common foreign policies. In 1987 the European Political Cooperation was introduced on a formal basis by the . EPC was renamed as the  (CFSP) by the .
The aims of the CFSP are to promote both the EU's own interests and those of the  as a whole, including the furtherance of international co-operation, respect for human rights, democracy, and the rule of law. The CFSP requires unanimity among the member states on the appropriate policy to follow on any particular issue. The unanimity and difficult issues treated under the CFSP sometimes lead to disagreements, such as those which occurred over the .
The coordinator and representative of the CFSP within the EU is the  who speaks on behalf of the EU in foreign policy and defence matters, and has the task of articulating the positions expressed by the member states on these fields of policy into a common alignment. The High Representative heads up the  (EEAS), a unique EU department that has been officially implemented and operational since 1 December 2010 on the occasion of the first anniversary of the entry into force of the . The EEAS will serve as a foreign ministry and  for the European Union.
Federica Mogherini, next to M. Fathallah Sijilmassi, former Secretary General of the  in its headquarters in Barcelona.
 and  with U.S. President , 2017.
, , after reaching in  the 
Indian PM  with  and , representing the two biggest democracies in the world.
Besides the emerging international policy of the European Union, the international influence of the EU is also felt through . The perceived benefits of becoming a member of the EU act as an incentive for both political and economic reform in states wishing to fulfil the EU's accession criteria, and are considered an important factor contributing to the reform of European formerly Communist countries. This influence on the internal affairs of other countries is generally referred to as "", as opposed to military "hard power".
The predecessors of the European Union were not devised as a military alliance because  was largely seen as appropriate and sufficient for defence purposes. 21 EU members are members of NATO while the remaining member states follow policies of . The , a military alliance with a mutual defence clause, was disbanded in 2010 as its role had been transferred to the EU.
According to the  (SIPRI), France spent $53 billion on defence in 2014 and is the only member officially recognised as a  holding a  on the . Most EU member states opposed the .
Following the  in 1999, the  agreed that "the Union must have the capacity for autonomous action, backed by credible military forces, the means to decide to use them, and the readiness to do so, in order to respond to international crises without prejudice to actions by NATO". To that end, a number of efforts were made to increase the EU's military capability, notably the  process. After much discussion, the most concrete result was the  initiative, each of which is planned to be able to deploy quickly about 1500 personnel.
 have been deployed on peacekeeping missions from middle and northern Africa to the  and western Asia. EU military operations are supported by a number of bodies, including the ,  and the .  is an  established to manage the cooperation between national  securing its external . It aims to detect and stop illegal immigration,  and terrorist infiltration. In 2015 the European Commission presented its proposal for a new European Border and Coast Guard Agency having a stronger role and mandate along with national authorities for border management. In an EU consisting of 27 members, substantial security and defence co-operation is increasingly relying on collaboration among all member states.
The , or "ECHO", provides  from the EU to . In 2012, its budget amounted to €874 million, 51% of the budget went to Africa and 20% to Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean and Pacific, and 20% to the Middle East and Mediterranean.
Humanitarian aid is financed directly by the budget (70%) as part of the financial instruments for external action and also by the  (30%). The EU's external action financing is divided into 'geographic' instruments and 'thematic' instruments. The 'geographic' instruments provide aid through the  (DCI, €16.9 billion, 2007–2013), which must spend 95% of its budget on  (ODA), and from the  (ENPI), which contains some relevant programmes. The European Development Fund (EDF, €22.7 billion for the period 2008–2013 and €30.5 billion for the period 2014-2020) is made up of voluntary contributions by member states, but there is pressure to merge the EDF into the budget-financed instruments to encourage increased contributions to match the 0.7% target and allow the  greater oversight.
In 2016, the average among EU countries was 0.4% and five had met or exceeded the 0.7% target: Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
The EU uses foreign relations instruments like the  which seeks to tie those countries to the east and south of the European territory of the EU to the Union. These countries, primarily developing countries, include some who seek to one day become either a , or more closely integrated with the European Union. The EU offers financial assistance to countries within the European Neighbourhood, so long as they meet the strict conditions of government reform, economic reform and other issues surrounding positive transformation. This process is normally underpinned by an Action Plan, as agreed by both Brussels and the target country.
International recognition of sustainable development as a key element is growing steadily. Its role was recognized in three major UN summits on sustainable development: the 1992  (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, ; the 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg, ; and the 2012  (UNCSD) in Rio de Janeiro. Other key global agreements are the  and the  (United Nations, 2015). The SDGs recognize that all countries must stimulate action in the following key areas - people, , prosperity,  and  - in order to tackle the global challenges that are crucial for the survival of .
EU development action is based on the European Consensus on Development, which was endorsed on 20 December 2005 by EU Member States, the Council, the European Parliament and the Commission. It is applied from the principles of  and .
The European Union is the largest exporter in the world and as of 2008 the largest importer of goods and services. Internal trade between the member states is aided by the removal of barriers to trade such as  and . In the , trade is helped by not having any currency differences to deal with amongst most members.
The  does something similar for a much larger range of countries, partly as a so-called soft approach ('a carrot instead of a stick') to influence the politics in those countries.
The European Union represents all its members at the  (WTO), and acts on behalf of member states in any disputes. When the EU negotiates trade related agreement outside the WTO framework, the subsequent agreement must be approved by each individual EU member state government.
The European Union has concluded  (FTAs) and other agreements with a trade component with many countries worldwide and is negotiating with many others.
The European Union has established a  across the territory of all its members representing 447 million citizens. In 2020, the EU has a combined GDP of $20 trillion , a 14% share of . As a political entity the European Union is represented in the  (WTO). EU member states own the estimated second largest after the  (105 trillion)  in the world, equal to around 20% (~€60 trillion) of the US$360 trillion (~€300 trillion) global wealth.
19 member states have joined a monetary union known as the , which uses the  as a single currency. The currency union represents 342 million EU citizens. The euro is the second largest  as well as the second most traded currency in the world after the .
Of the top  in 2010, 161 have their headquarters in the EU. In 2016, unemployment in the EU stood at 8.9% while inflation was at 2.2%, and the current account balance at −0.9% of GDP. The average annual net earnings in the European Union was around €24,000 (US$30,000) in 2015, which was about 70% of that in the .
There is a significant variation in Nominal GDP per capita within individual EU states. The difference between the richest and poorest regions (281 NUTS-2 regions of the ) ranged, in 2017, from 31% (Severozapaden, Bulgaria) of the EU28 average (€30,000) to 253% (Luxembourg), or from €4,600 to €92,600.
Two of the original core objectives of the European Economic Community were the development of a common market, subsequently becoming a , and a  between its member states. The single market involves , and the customs union involves the application of a  on all goods entering the market. Once goods have been admitted into the market they cannot be subjected to customs duties, discriminatory taxes or , as they travel internally. The non-EU member states of , ,  and  participate in the single market but not in the customs union. Half the trade in the EU is covered by legislation harmonised by the EU.
Free movement of capital is intended to permit movement of investments such as property purchases and buying of shares between countries. Until the drive towards  the development of the capital provisions had been slow. Post-Maastricht there has been a rapidly developing corpus of ECJ judgements regarding this initially neglected freedom. The free movement of capital is unique insofar as it is granted equally to non-member states.
The free movement of persons means that  can move freely between member states to live, work, study or retire in another country. This required the lowering of administrative formalities and recognition of professional qualifications of other states.
The free movement of services and of establishment allows self-employed persons to move between member states to provide services on a temporary or permanent basis. While services account for 60–70% of GDP, legislation in the area is not as developed as in other areas. This lacuna has been addressed by the recently passed  which aims to liberalise the cross border provision of services. According to the Treaty the provision of services is a residual freedom that only applies if no other freedom is being exercised.
The creation of a  became an official objective of the European Economic Community in 1969. In 1992, having negotiated the structure and procedures of a currency union, the member states signed the  and were legally bound to fulfil the agreed-on rules including the  if they wanted to join the . The states wanting to participate had first to join the .
In 1999 the currency union started, first as an accounting currency with  joining. In 2002, the currency was fully put into place, when  and coins were issued and national currencies began to phase out in the eurozone, which by then consisted of 12 member states. The eurozone (constituted by the EU member states which have adopted the euro) has since grown to 19 countries.
The euro, and the monetary policies of those who have adopted it in agreement with the EU, are under the control of the  (ECB). The ECB is the central bank for the eurozone, and thus controls  in that area with an agenda to maintain . It is at the centre of the , which comprehends all EU national central banks and is controlled by its General Council, consisting of the , who is appointed by the European Council, the Vice-President of the ECB, and the governors of the national central banks of all 27 EU member states.
The  is an institutional architecture of the EU's framework of financial supervision composed by three authorities: the , the  and the . To complement this framework, there is also a  under the responsibility of the . The aim of this financial control system is to ensure the economic stability of the EU.
To prevent the joining states from getting into financial trouble or crisis after entering the monetary union, they were obliged in the Maastricht treaty to fulfil important financial obligations and procedures, especially to show budgetary discipline and a high degree of sustainable economic convergence, as well as to avoid excessive government deficits and limit the government debt to a sustainable level.
The European Commission working sectors are: Aeronautics, automotive, biotechnology, chemicals, construction, cosmetics, defense, electronics, firearms, food and drink, gambling, healthcare, maritime, mechanics, medical, postal, raw materials, space, textile, tourism, toys and  ().
World's largest passenger airplane  built by  . Airbus is one of the world's leading aircraft manufacturers.
A  by Italian automotive manufacturer . Automotive manufacturing is one of most enduring industrial activities in the EU, and it accounts for millions of jobs, billions of euros in investment, and represents a large portion of the bloc's exports.
Tourism is a major economic activity in the European Union with wide-ranging impact on economic growth and employment. (, )
The construction sector in the European Union is the biggest provider of employment, and contributes to a major part of the Gross capital of the European Union. (, , Spain)
In 2006, the  had a gross inland energy consumption of 1,825 million tonnes of oil equivalent (toe). Around 46% of the energy consumed was produced within the member states while 54% was imported. In these statistics, nuclear energy is treated as  produced in the EU, regardless of the source of the uranium, of which less than 3% is produced in the EU.
The EU has had legislative power in the area of energy policy for most of its existence; this has its roots in the original . The introduction of a mandatory and comprehensive European energy policy was approved at the meeting of the European Council in October 2005, and the first draft policy was published in January 2007.
The EU has five key points in its energy policy: increase competition in the , encourage investment and boost interconnections between electricity grids; diversify energy resources with better systems to respond to a crisis; establish a new treaty framework for energy co-operation with Russia while improving relations with energy-rich states in Central Asia and North Africa; use existing energy supplies more efficiently while increasing ; and finally increase funding for new energy technologies.
In 2007, EU countries as a whole imported 82% of their oil, 57% of their natural gas and 97.48% of their uranium demands. There is a strong  that the EU has been attempting to reduce.
The EU is working to improve cross-border infrastructure within the EU, for example through the  (TEN). Projects under TEN include the , , the , the , the  and the . In 2010 the estimated network covers: 75,200 kilometres (46,700 mi) of roads; 78,000 kilometres (48,000 mi) of railways; 330 airports; 270 maritime harbours; and 210 internal harbours.
 is being synchronised with the  (ERTMS), an initiative to greatly enhance safety, increase efficiency of trains and enhance cross-border interoperability of rail transport in Europe by replacing signalling equipment with digitised mostly wireless versions and by creating a single Europe-wide standard for train control and command systems.
The developing European transport policies will increase the pressure on the environment in many regions by the increased transport network. In the pre-2004 EU members, the major problem in transport deals with congestion and pollution. After the recent enlargement, the new states that joined since 2004 added the problem of solving accessibility to the transport agenda. The  was upgraded such as the .
The  between Denmark and Sweden is part of the 

 container terminal, second-busiest seaport in the European Union.
Spain places second in  constructed km in the world after China
The  is another EU infrastructure project. Galileo is a proposed  system, to be built by the EU and launched by the  (ESA). The Galileo project was launched partly to reduce the EU's dependency on the US-operated , but also to give more complete global coverage and allow for greater accuracy, given the aged nature of the GPS system.
The  (CAP) is one of the long lasting policies of the European Community. The policy has the objectives of increasing agricultural production, providing certainty in food supplies, ensuring a high quality of life for farmers, stabilising markets, and ensuring reasonable prices for consumers. It was, until recently, operated by a system of subsidies and market intervention. Until the 1990s, the policy accounted for over 60% of the then 's annual budget, and as of 2013 accounts for around 34%.
The policy's  and market interventions led to considerable . These were  of products bought up by the Community to maintain minimum price levels. To dispose of surplus stores, they were often sold on the world market at prices considerably below Community guaranteed prices, or farmers were offered subsidies (amounting to the difference between the Community and world prices) to export their products outside the Community. This system has been criticised for under-cutting farmers outside Europe, especially those in the . Supporters of CAP argue that the economic support which it gives to farmers provides them with a reasonable standard of living.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the CAP has been subject to a series of reforms. Initially, these reforms included the introduction of  in 1988, where a proportion of farm land was deliberately withdrawn from production, milk quotas and, more recently, the 'de-coupling' (or disassociation) of the money farmers receive from the EU and the amount they produce (by the Fischler reforms in 2004). Agriculture expenditure will move away from subsidy payments linked to specific produce, toward direct payments based on farm size. This is intended to allow the market to dictate production levels. One of these reforms entailed the modification of the EU's sugar regime, which previously divided the sugar market between member states and certain African-Caribbean nations with a privileged relationship with the EU.
The EU operates a  intended to ensure undistorted competition within the single market. The Commission as the competition regulator for the single market is responsible for antitrust issues, approving , breaking up cartels, working for  and preventing .
The , currently , is one of the most powerful positions in the Commission, notable for the ability to affect the commercial interests of trans-national corporations. For example, in 2001 the Commission for the first time prevented a merger between two companies based in the United States ( and ) which had already been approved by their national authority. Another high-profile case , resulted in the Commission fining  over €777 million following nine years of legal action.
The EU seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 6.7% in September 2018. The euro area unemployment rate was 8.1%. Among the member states, the lowest unemployment rates were recorded in the Czech Republic (2.3%), Germany and Poland (both 3.4%), and the highest in Spain (14.9%) and Greece (19.0 in July 2018).
The EU has long sought to mitigate the effects of free markets by protecting workers rights and preventing social and environmental dumping. To this end it has adopted laws establishing minimum employment and environmental standards. These included the  and the . The EU has also sought to coordinate the social security and health systems of member states to facilitate individuals exercising free movement rights and to ensure they maintain their ability to access social security and health services in other member states.
The  is the main body that recognizes the social rights of European citizens.
A  has been proposed among others by the commissioner of Jobs .
Since 2019 there is a European Commissioner for Equality; a  has existed since 2007.
Housing, youth, childhood, Functional diversity or elderly care are supportive competencies of the European Union and can be financed by the European Social Fund.
 are supporting the development of underdeveloped regions of the EU. Such regions are primarily located in the states of  and southern Europe. Several funds provide emergency aid, support for candidate members to transform their country to conform to the EU's standard (, , and ), and support to the  (). TACIS has now become part of the worldwide  programme.
Demographic transition to a society of aging population, low fertility-rates and depopulation of non-metropolitan regions is tackled within this policies.
In 1957, when the EEC was founded, it had no environmental policy. Over the past 50 years, an increasingly dense network of legislation has been created, extending to all areas of environmental protection, including air pollution, water quality, waste management, nature conservation, and the control of chemicals, industrial hazards, and biotechnology. According to the , environmental law comprises over 500 Directives, Regulations and Decisions, making environmental policy a core area of European politics.
European policy-makers originally increased the EU's capacity to act on environmental issues by defining it as a trade problem.
 and competitive distortions in the Common Market could emerge due to the different environmental standards in each member state. In subsequent years, the environment became a formal policy area, with its own policy actors, principles and procedures. The legal basis for EU environmental policy was established with the introduction of the Single European Act in 1987.
Initially, EU environmental policy focused on Europe. More recently, the EU has demonstrated leadership in global environmental governance, e.g. the role of the EU in securing the ratification and coming into force of the  despite opposition from the . This international dimension is reflected in the EU's Sixth Environmental Action Programme, which recognises that its objectives can only be achieved if key international agreements are actively supported and properly implemented both at EU level and worldwide. The Lisbon Treaty further strengthened the leadership ambitions. EU law has played a significant role in improving habitat and species protection in Europe, as well as contributing to improvements in air and water quality and waste management.
Mitigating  is one of the top priorities of EU environmental policy. In 2007, member states agreed that, in the future, 20% of the energy used across the EU must be , and carbon dioxide emissions have to be lower in 2020 by at least 20% compared to 1990 levels. The EU has adopted an  to incorporate  into the economy. The  is an annual award given to cities that focuses on the environment, energy efficiency, and quality of life in urban areas to create .
In the  in 2019, the green parties increased their power, possibly because of the rise of post materialist values.
Proposals to reach a zero carbon economy in the European Union by 2050 were suggested in 2018 - 2019. Almost all member states supported that goal at an EU summit in June 2019. The , , , and  disagreed.
Basic education is an area where the EU's role is limited to supporting national governments. In higher education, the policy was developed in the 1980s in programmes supporting exchanges and mobility. The most visible of these has been the , a university exchange programme which began in 1987. In its first 20 years, it supported international exchange opportunities for well over 1.5 million university and college students and became a symbol of European student life.
There are similar programmes for school pupils and teachers, for trainees in , and for adult learners in the . These programmes are designed to encourage a wider knowledge of other countries and to spread good practices in the education and training fields across the EU. Through its support of the , the EU is supporting comparable standards and compatible degrees across Europe.
Scientific development is facilitated through the EU's , the first of which started in 1984. The aims of EU policy in this area are to co-ordinate and stimulate research. The independent  allocates EU funds to European or national research projects. EU  deal in a number of areas, for example energy where the aim is to develop a diverse mix of  to help the environment and to reduce dependence on imported fuels.
The EU has no major competences in the field of health care and Article 35 of the  affirms that "A high level of human health protection shall be ensured in the definition and implementation of all Union policies and activities". The 's  seeks to align national laws on the protection of people's health, on the consumers' rights, on the safety of food and other products.
All EU and many other European countries offer their citizens a free  which, on a reciprocal basis, provides insurance for emergency medical treatment insurance when visiting other participating European countries. A directive on cross-border healthcare aims at promoting co-operation on health care between member states and facilitating access to safe and high-quality cross-border healthcare for European patients.
The EU has some of the highest levels of life expectancy in the world, with , , , , , , , , and  all among the world's top 20 countries with the highest life expectancy. In general, life expectancy is lower in  than in . In 2018, the EU region with the highest life expectancy was ,  at 85.2 years, followed by the  regions of  and  both at 84.3 years,  in  at 84.3 years and  in  at 84.2 years. The overall life expectancy in the EU in 2018 was 81.0 years, higher than the World average of 72.6 years.
Cultural co-operation between member states has been an interest of the EU since its inclusion as a community competency in the Maastricht Treaty. Actions taken in the cultural area by the EU include the  seven-year programme, the  event, and orchestras such as the . The  programme selects one or more cities in every year to assist the  of that city.
 is by far the most popular sport in the European Union by the number of registered players. The other sports with the most participants in clubs are tennis, basketball, swimming, athletics, golf, gymnastics, equestrian sports, handball, volleyball and sailing.
Sport is mainly the responsibility of the member states or other international organisations, rather than of the EU. There are some EU policies that have affected sport, such as the free movement of workers, which was at the core of the  that prohibited national football leagues from imposing quotas on foreign players with European citizenship.
The  requires any application of economic rules to take into account the specific nature of sport and its structures based on voluntary activity. This followed lobbying by governing organisations such as the  and , due to objections over the application of free market principles to sport, which led to an increasing gap between rich and poor clubs. The EU does fund a programme for Israeli, Jordanian, Irish, and British football coaches, as part of the Football 4 Peace project.
The flag used is the , which consists of a  12 golden stars on a blue background. Originally designed in 1955 for the Council of Europe, the flag was adopted by the , the predecessors of the present Union, in 1986. The Council of Europe gave the flag a symbolic description in the following terms, though the official symbolic description adopted by the EU omits the reference to the "Western world":
Against the blue sky of the Western world, the stars symbolise the peoples of Europe in a form of a circle, the sign of union. The number of stars is invariably , the figure twelve being the symbol of perfection and entirety. was adopted as the motto of the Union in the year 2000, having been selected from  submitted by school pupils. Since 1985, the  of the Union has been , on 9 May (the date of the 1950 ). The  is an instrumental version of the prelude to the , the 4th movement of 's . The anthem was adopted by European Community leaders in 1985 and has since been played on official occasions.
Besides naming the continent, the  figure of  has frequently been employed as a  of Europe. Known from the myth in which  seduces her in the guise of a white bull, Europa has also been referred to in relation to the present Union. Statues of Europa and the bull decorate several of the Union's institutions and a portrait of her is seen on the 2013 series of . The bull is, for its part, depicted on all residence permit cards.
, also known as Charlemagne (: ) and later recognised as  ("Father of Europe"), has a symbolic relevance to Europe. The Commission has named  in Brussels after Charlemagne and the city of  has since 1949 awarded the  to champions of European unification. Since 2008, the organisers of this prize, in conjunction with the European Parliament, have awarded the  in recognition of similar efforts by young people.
 is a  that applies to all  of the European Union and its , as defined in the  as well as the . Within the  process, guaranteeing media freedom is named a "key indicator of a country's readiness to become part of the EU".
The majority of media in the European Union are national-oriented. Some EU-wide media focusing on European affairs have emerged since the early 1990s, such as , ,  or .  is a public Franco-German TV network that promotes programming in the areas of culture and the arts. 80% of its programming are provided in equal proportion by the two member companies, while the remainder is being provided by the   and the channel's European partners.
The  of the European Union has supported the European popular film and audiovisual industries since 1991. It provides support for the development, promotion and distribution of European works within Europe and beyond.
The European Union has had a significant positive economic impact on member states. According to a 2019 study of the member states who joined from 1973 to 2004, "without European integration, per capita incomes would have been, on average, approximately 10% lower in the first ten years after joining the EU."
The European Union has contributed to peace in Europe, in particular by pacifying border disputes.
The European Union has contributed to the spread of democracy, in particular by encouraging democratic reforms in aspiring member states.  wrote in 2009, "there is a consensus in the literature on Eastern Europe that the EU membership perspective had a huge anchoring effects for the new democracies." However, R. Daniel Keleman argues that over time, the EU has proved beneficial to leaders who are overseeing democratic backsliding, as the EU is reluctant to intervene in domestic politics, gives the authoritarians funds which they can use to strengthen their regimes, and because freedom of movement within the EU allows dissenting citizens to leave their backsliding countries.







The  () is a political and economic union of  that are located primarily in . Its members have a combined area of 4,233,255.3 km (1,634,469.0 sq mi) and an estimated total population of about 447 million. The EU has developed  through a standardised  that apply in all member states in those matters, and only those matters, where members have agreed to act as one. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs and maintain common policies on trade, ,  and . For travel within the , passport controls have been abolished.  was established in 1999, coming into full force in 2002, and is composed of  which use the .
The EU and  were established when the  came into force in 1993. The EU traces its origins to the  (ECSC) and the  (EEC), established, respectively, by the 1951  and 1957 . The original members of what came to be known as the  were the : Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and . The Communities and their successors have grown in size by  and in power by the addition of policy areas to their remit. The latest major amendment to the constitutional basis of the EU, the , came into force in 2009. 
In January 2020, the  became the first member state ever to . Following a , the UK  and  a .  
The UK is in a transitional phase until at least 31 December 2020, during which it remains subject to EU law and part of the EU single market and customs union. Before this, only three territories of member states had  or its forerunners, these being  (in 1962, upon independence),  (in 1985, following a referendum) and  (in 2012).
Containing in 2020 some 5.8% of the world population, the EU in 2017 (including the United Kingdom) had generated a nominal  (GDP) of around 20 trillion US dollars, constituting approximately 25% of global . Additionally, all EU countries have a very high , according to the . In 2012, the EU was awarded the . Through the , the EU has developed a role in  and . The union maintains permanent  throughout the world and  at the , the , the  and the . Due to its global influence, the European Union has been described as an .
During the centuries following the  in 476, several European States viewed themselves as  ("transfer of rule") of the defunct : the  (481–843) and the  (962–1806) were thereby attempts to resurrect . This political philosophy of a supra-national rule over the continent, similar to the example of the ancient Roman Empire, resulted in the early Middle Ages in the concept of a  ("restoration of the empire"), either in the forms of the  ("imperial idea") or the religiously inspired  ("christian empire"). Medieval  and the political power of the  are often cited as conducive to European integration and unity.
In the oriental parts of the continent, the , and ultimately the  (1547–1917), declared Moscow to be  and inheritor of the  after the  in 1453. The gap between  had already been widened by the political scission of the Roman Empire in the 4th century and the ; and would be eventually widened again by the  (1945–91).

Pan-European political thought truly emerged during the 19th century, inspired by the liberal ideas of the  and  after the demise of  (1804–15). In the decades following the outcomes of the , ideals of European unity flourished across the continent, especially in the writings of ,  or . The term  (: ) was used at that time by  during a speech at the  held in Paris in 1849:A day will come when all nations on our continent will form a European brotherhood ... A day will come when we shall see ... the United States of America and the United States of Europe face to face, reaching out for each other across the seas.During the , the consciousness that national markets in Europe were interdependent though confrontational, along with the observation of a larger and growing US market on the other side of the ocean, nourished the urge for the economic integration of the continent. In 1920, advocating the creation of a , British economist  wrote that "a Free Trade Union should be established ... to impose no protectionist tariffs whatever against the produce of other members of the Union." During the same decade, , one of the first to imagine of a modern political union of Europe, founded the . His ideas influenced his contemporaries, among which then  . In 1929, the latter gave a speech in favour of a European Union before the assembly of the , precursor of the . In a  in March 1943, with war still raging, Britain's leader Sir   warmly of "restoring the true greatness of Europe" once victory had been achieved, and mused on the post-war creation of a "Council of Europe" which would bring the European nations together to build peace.
After ,  was seen as an antidote to the extreme nationalism which had devastated parts of the continent. In a speech delivered on 19 September 1946 at the , Switzerland,  went further and advocated the emergence of a . The 1948  was a pivotal moment in European federal history, as it led to the creation of the  and of the , where Europe's future leaders would live and study together.
It also led directly to the founding of the  in 1949, the first great effort to bring the nations of Europe together, initially ten of them. The Council focused primarily on values—human rights and democracy—rather than on economic or trade issues, and was always envisaged as a forum where sovereign governments could choose to work together, with no supra-national authority. It raised great hopes of further European integration, and there were fevered debates in the two years that followed as to how this could be achieved.
But in 1952, disappointed at what they saw as the lack of progress within the Council of Europe, six nations decided to go further and created the , which was declared to be "a first step in the federation of Europe". This community helped to economically integrate and coordinate the large number of  funds from the . European leaders  from Italy,  and  from France, and  from Belgium understood that coal and steel were the two industries essential for waging war, and believed that by tying their national industries together, future war between their nations became much less likely. These men and others are officially credited as the .
In 1957, Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and West Germany signed the , which created the  (EEC) and established a . They also signed another pact creating the  (Euratom) for co-operation in developing . Both treaties came into force in 1958.
The EEC and Euratom were created separately from the ECSC and they shared the same courts and the Common Assembly. The EEC was headed by  () and Euratom was headed by  () and then . Euratom was to integrate sectors in nuclear energy while the EEC would develop a customs union among members.
During the 1960s, tensions began to show, with France seeking to limit supranational power. Nevertheless, in 1965 an agreement was reached and on 1 July 1967 the  created a single set of institutions for the three communities, which were collectively referred to as the .   the first merged Commission ().
In 1973, the Communities were enlarged to include  (including , which later  in 1985, following a dispute over fishing rights), , and the . Norway had negotiated to join at the same time, but Norwegian voters rejected membership in a . In 1979, the  to the European Parliament were held.
 joined in 1981,  and  following in 1986. In 1985, the  paved the way for the creation of open borders without passport controls between most member states and some non-member states. In 1986, the  began to be used by the EEC and the  was signed.
In 1990, after , the former  became part of the Communities as part of a . A close fiscal integration with the introduction of the euro was not matched by institutional oversight making things more troubling. Attempts to solve the problems and to make the EU more efficient and coherent had limited success.
The European Union was formally established when the —whose main architects were  and —came into force on 1 November 1993. The treaty also gave the name  to the EEC, even if it was referred as such before the treaty. With further enlargement planned to include the former  of Central and Eastern Europe, as well as  and , the  for candidate members to join the EU were agreed upon in June 1993. The expansion of the EU introduced a new level of complexity and discord. In 1995, , , and   the EU.
In 2002, euro banknotes and coins replaced national currencies in 12 of the member states. Since then, the  has increased to encompass 19 countries. The euro currency became the second largest reserve currency in the world. In 2004, the EU saw  when , the , , , , , , , , and  joined the Union.
In 2007,  and  became EU members. The same year,  adopted the euro, followed in 2008 by  and , by  in 2009, by  in 2011, by  in 2014, and by  in 2015.
On 1 December 2009, the  entered into force and reformed many aspects of the EU. In particular, it changed the legal structure of the European Union, merging the  system into a single legal entity provisioned with a , created a permanent , the first of which was , and strengthened the position of the .
In 2012, the EU received the  for having "contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy, and human rights in Europe." In 2013,  became the 28th EU member.
From the beginning of the 2010s, the cohesion of the European Union has been tested by several issues, including , , and the . A  was held in 2016, with 51.9% of participants voting to leave. The UK formally notified the European Council of its decision to leave on 29 March 2017, initiating the ; following extensions to the process, the UK left the European Union on 31 January 2020, though most areas of EU law will continue to apply to the UK for a transition period lasting until the end of 2020 at the earliest.
The following timeline illustrates the  that has led to the formation of the present union, in terms of structural development driven by international treaties:
On 1 February 2020, the   in accordance with . Between then and (as of February 2020) 31 December 2020, a  is in operation that keeps in place all other aspects of the relationship to allow businesses to prepare and for a  to be negotiated.
The criteria for accession to the Union are included in the , agreed in 1993, and the  (Article 49). Article 49 of the Maastricht Treaty (as amended) says that any "European state" that respects the "principles of liberty, democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the rule of law", may apply to join the EU.  Whether a country is European or not is subject to  by the EU institutions.
There are five recognised candidates for future  of the Union:  (applied on 14 April 1987),  (applied on 22 March 2004 as "Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia"),  (applied in 2008),  (applied in 2009), and  (applied in 2009). While the others are progressing, Turkish talks are at an effective standstill.
As of 1 February 2020, the population of the European Union was about 447 million people (5.8% of the world population). In 2015, 5.1 million children were born in the EU-28, corresponding to a  of 10 per 1,000, which is 8 births below the world average. For comparison, the EU-28 birth rate had stood at 10.6 in 2000, 12.8 in 1985 and 16.3 in 1970. Its  rate was positive at an estimated 0.23% in 2016.
In 2010, 47.3 million people who lived in the EU were born outside their resident country. This corresponds to 9.4% of the total EU population. Of these, 31.4 million (6.3%) were born outside the EU and 16.0 million (3.2%) were born in another EU member state. The largest absolute numbers of people born outside the EU were in Germany (6.4 million), France (5.1 million), the United Kingdom (4.7 million), Spain (4.1 million), Italy (3.2 million), and the Netherlands (1.4 million). In 2017, approximately 825,000 people acquired  of a member state of the European Union. The  were nationals of Morocco, Albania, India, Turkey and Pakistan. 2.4 million  from non-EU countries entered the EU in 2017.
The EU contains about 40 urban areas with populations of over one million. The largest metropolitan areas in the EU  are  and . These are followed by , , , , and , all with a metropolitan population of over 4 million.
The EU also has numerous polycentric urbanised regions like  (, ,  et al.),  (, , ,  et al.),  (), the  (, , ,  et al.) and  (,  et al.).



Survey 2012.
Native: Native language
Total: EU citizens able to hold aconversation in this language
The European Union has 24 official languages: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and . Important documents, such as legislation, are translated into every official language and the  provides translation for documents and plenary sessions.
Due to the high number of official languages, most of the institutions use only a handful of working languages. The European Commission conducts its internal business in three : English, French, and German. Similarly, the  uses French as the working language, while the  conducts its business primarily in English.
Even though  is the responsibility of member states, EU institutions promote multilingualism among its citizens. English is the most widely spoken language in the EU, being understood by 51% of the EU population when counting both native and non-native speakers. German is the most widely spoken mother tongue (18% of the EU population), followed by French (13% of the EU population). In addition, both are official languages of several EU member states. More than half (56%) of EU citizens are able to engage in a conversation in a language other than their mother tongue.
A total of twenty official languages of the EU belong to the  , represented by the , the , the , the , and the  branches. Only four languages, namely , ,  (all three ), and  (), are not Indo-European languages. The three official alphabets of the European Union (, , and ) all derive from the .
 (in Luxembourg) and  (in Cyprus) are the only two national languages that are not official languages of the EU. On 26 February 2016 it was made public that Cyprus has asked to make Turkish an official EU language, in a “gesture” that could help solve the . Already in 2004, it was planned that Turkish would become an official language when Cyprus reunites.
Besides the 24 official languages, there are about 150  and , spoken by up to 50 million people. ,  and  are not recognised official languages of the European Union but have semi-official status in one member state (Spain): therefore, official translations of the treaties are made into them and citizens have the right to correspond with the institutions in these languages. The  ratified by most EU states provides general guidelines that states can follow to protect their linguistic heritage. The  is held annually on 26 September and is aimed at encouraging language learning across Europe.
The EU has no formal connection to any religion. The Article 17 of the  recognises the "status under national law of churches and religious associations" as well as that of "philosophical and non-confessional organisations".
The preamble to the  mentions the "cultural, religious and humanist inheritance of Europe". Discussion over the draft texts of the European Constitution and later the  included proposals to mention  or a , or both, in the preamble of the text, but the idea faced opposition and was dropped.
Christians in the European Union are divided among members of Catholicism (both  and ), numerous  denominations (, , and  forming the bulk of this category), and the . In 2009, the EU had an estimated  of 13 million, and an estimated  of over a million. The other world religions of , , and  are also represented in the EU population.
According to new polls about religiosity in the European Union in 2015 by ,  is the largest religion in the European Union, accounting for 71.6% of the EU population.  are the largest Christian group, accounting for 45.3% of the EU population, while  make up 11.1%,  make up 9.6%, and other Christians make up 5.6%.
's  opinion polls showed in 2005 that 52% of EU citizens believed in a god, 27% in "some sort of spirit or life force", and 18% had no form of belief. Many countries have experienced falling church attendance and membership in recent years. The countries where the fewest people reported a religious belief were Estonia (16%) and the Czech Republic (19%). The most religious countries were Malta (95%, predominantly Roman Catholic) as well as Cyprus and Romania (both predominantly Orthodox) each with about 90% of citizens professing a belief in their respective god. Across the EU, belief was higher among women, older people, those with religious upbringing, those who left school at 15 or 16, and those "positioning themselves on the right of the political scale".
Through successive , the European Union has grown from the  (Belgium, France, West Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands) to the current 27. Countries accede to the union by becoming party to the founding , thereby subjecting themselves to the privileges and obligations of EU membership. This entails a partial delegation of sovereignty to the institutions in return for representation within those institutions, a practice often referred to as "pooling of sovereignty".
To become a member, a country must meet the , defined at the 1993 meeting of the European Council in Copenhagen. These require a stable democracy that respects human rights and the ; a functioning ; and the acceptance of the obligations of membership, including EU law. Evaluation of a country's fulfilment of the criteria is the responsibility of the European Council.  of the  provides the basis for a member to . Two territories have left the Union:  (an  of Denmark) withdrew in 1985; the United Kingdom formally invoked Article 50 of the Consolidated Treaty on European Union in 2016, and became the only sovereign state to leave when it  from the EU in 2020.
There are six countries that are recognised as : , , , , , and , though Iceland suspended negotiations in 2013.  and  are officially recognised as potential candidates, with Bosnia and Herzegovina having submitted a membership application.
The four countries forming the  (EFTA) are not EU members, but have partly committed to the EU's economy and regulations: Iceland,  and , which are a part of the  through the , and , which has similar ties through . The relationships of the , , , , and  include the use of the euro and other areas of co-operation. The following 27  (of which the map only shows territories situated in and around Europe) constitute the European Union:
The EU's member states cover an area of 4,233,262 square kilometres (1,634,472 sq mi). The EU's highest peak is  in the , 4,810.45 metres (15,782 ft) . The lowest points in the EU are , Denmark and , Netherlands, at 7 m (23 ft) below sea level.
The landscape, climate, and economy of the EU are influenced by its coastline, which is 65,993 kilometres (41,006 mi) long.
65,993 km (41,006 mi) coastline dominates the European climate (, Spain)
 in the  is the highest peak in the EU
The  (pictured in Budapest), is the longest river in the European Union
 National Park in Finland, where there are some 187,888 lakes larger than 500 square metres
Including the overseas territories of France which are located outside the continent of Europe, but which are members of the union, the EU experiences most  from  (north-east Europe) to tropical (), rendering meteorological averages for the EU as a whole meaningless. The majority of the population lives in areas with a temperate  (North-Western Europe and Central Europe), a  (Southern Europe), or a warm summer continental or  climate (Northern  and Central Europe).
The EU's population is highly urbanised, with some 75% of inhabitants living in  as of 2006. Cities are largely spread out across the EU with a large grouping in and around the .
The EU operates through a hybrid system of  and  decision-making, and according to the principles of  (which says that it should act only within the limits of the competences conferred on it by the ) and of  (which says that it should act only where an objective cannot be sufficiently achieved by the member states acting alone).  are passed in a variety of forms. Generally speaking, they can be classified into two groups: those which come into force without the necessity for national implementation measures (regulations) and those which specifically require national implementation measures (directives).
Constitutionally, the EU bears some resemblance to both a  and a , but has not formally defined itself as either. (It does not have a formal constitution: its status is defined by the  and the ). It is more integrated than a traditional confederation of states because the general level of government widely employs  in some decision-making among the member states, rather than relying exclusively on unanimity. It is less integrated than a federal state because it is not a state in its own right: sovereignty continues to flow 'from the bottom up', from the several peoples of the separate member states, rather than from a single undifferentiated whole. This is reflected in the fact that the member states remain the 'masters of the Treaties', retaining control over the allocation of competences to the Union through constitutional change (thus retaining so-called ); in that they retain control of the use of armed force; they retain control of taxation; and in that they retain a right of unilateral withdrawal from the Union under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. In addition, the principle of  requires that only those matters that need to be determined collectively are so determined.
The European Union has seven principal decision-making bodies, its : the , the , the , the , the , the  and the . Competence in scrutinising and amending legislation is shared between the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament, while executive tasks are performed by the European Commission and in a limited capacity by the European Council (not to be confused with the aforementioned Council of the European Union). The  of the  is determined by the European Central Bank. The interpretation and the application of EU law and the treaties are ensured by the Court of Justice of the European Union. The EU budget is scrutinised by the European Court of Auditors. There are also a number of ancillary bodies which advise the EU or operate in a specific area.
EU policy is in general promulgated by , which are then implemented in the  of its , and , which are immediately enforceable in all member states.  at EU level by special interest groups is regulated to try to balance the aspirations of private initiatives with public interest decision-making process
The  is one of three  of the EU, which together with the  is tasked with amending and approving the 's proposals.
The 705  (MEPs) are directly  by  every five years on the basis of . MEPs are elected on a national basis and they sit according to  rather than their nationality. Each country has a set number of seats and is divided into  where this does not affect the proportional nature of the voting system.
In the , the European Commission proposes legislation, which requires the joint approval of the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union to pass. This process applies to nearly all areas, including the . The Parliament is the final body to approve or reject the proposed membership of the Commission, and can attempt motions of censure on the Commission by appeal to the . The  (currently ) carries out the role of speaker in Parliament and represents it externally. The President and  are elected by MEPs every two and a half years.
The European Council gives political direction to the EU. It convenes at least four times a year and comprises the  (currently ), the  and one representative per  (either its  or ). The  (currently ) also takes part in its meetings. It has been described by some as the Union's "supreme political authority". It is actively involved in the negotiation of  and defines the EU's policy agenda and strategies.
The European Council uses its leadership role to sort out disputes between member states and the institutions, and to resolve political crises and disagreements over controversial issues and policies. It acts externally as a "" and  important documents (for example, international agreements and treaties).
Tasks for the  are ensuring the external representation of the EU, driving consensus and resolving divergences among member states, both during meetings of the European Council and over the periods between them.
The European Council should not be mistaken for the , an international organisation independent of the EU based in Strasbourg.
The  (also called the "Council" and the "Council of Ministers", its former title) forms one half of the EU's legislature. It consists of a  from each member state and meets in . Notwithstanding its different configurations, it is considered to be one single body. In addition to its legislative functions, the Council also exercises  in relations to the .
In some policies, there are several member states that ally with strategic partners within the Union. Examples of such alliances include the , , the , the , and the .
The  acts both as the EU's , responsible for the day-to-day running of the EU, and also the , with the sole power to propose laws for debate. The Commission is 'guardian of the Treaties' and is responsible for their efficient operation and policing. It operates  as a , with 27  for different areas of policy, one from each member state, though Commissioners are bound to represent the interests of the EU as a whole rather than their home state.
One of the 27 is the  ( for 2014–2019), , subject to the Parliament's approval. After the President, the most prominent Commissioner is the , who is  a  and is also chosen by the European Council. The other 26 Commissioners are subsequently appointed by the  in agreement with the nominated President. The 27 Commissioners as a single body are subject to approval (or otherwise) by vote of the .
The EU had an agreed budget of €120.7 billion for the year 2007 and €864.3 billion for the period 2007–2013, representing 1.10% and 1.05% of the EU-27's  forecast for the respective periods. In 1960, the budget of the then European Economic Community was 0.03% of GDP.
In the 2010 budget of €141.5 billion, the largest single expenditure item is "" with around 45% of the total budget. Next comes "" with approximately 31% of the total. "" takes up around 11%. "" accounts for around 6%. The "" and "" bring up the rear with approximately 6% and 1% respectively.
The  is legally obliged to provide the Parliament and the Council (specifically, the ) with "a statement of assurance as to the reliability of the accounts and the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions". The Court also gives opinions and proposals on financial legislation and anti-fraud actions. The Parliament uses this to decide whether to approve the Commission's handling of the budget.
The European Court of Auditors has signed off the European Union accounts every year since 2007 and, while making it clear that the European Commission has more work to do, has highlighted that most of the errors take place at national level. In their report on 2009 the auditors found that five areas of Union expenditure,  and the , were materially affected by error. The European Commission estimated in 2009 that the financial effect of irregularities was €1,863 million.
EU member states retain all powers not explicitly handed to the European Union. In some areas the EU enjoys exclusive competence. These are areas in which member states have renounced any capacity to enact legislation. In other areas the EU and its member states share the competence to legislate. While both can legislate, member states can only legislate to the extent to which the EU has not. In other policy areas the EU can only co-ordinate, support and supplement member state action but cannot enact legislation with the aim of harmonising national laws.
That a particular policy area falls into a certain category of competence is not necessarily indicative of what  is used for enacting legislation within that policy area. Different legislative procedures are used within the same category of competence, and even with the same policy area.
The distribution of competences in various policy areas between Member States and the Union is divided in the following three categories:
The EU is based on a series of . These first established the European Community and the EU, and then made amendments to those founding treaties. These are power-giving treaties which set broad policy goals and establish institutions with the necessary legal powers to implement those goals. These legal powers include the ability to enact legislation which can directly affect all member states and their inhabitants. The EU has , with the right to sign agreements and international treaties.
Under the principle of , national courts are required to enforce the treaties that their member states have ratified, and thus the laws enacted under them, even if doing so requires them to ignore conflicting national law, and (within limits) even constitutional provisions.
The  and supremacy doctrines were not explicitly set out the European Treaties but were developed by the Court of Justice itself over the 1960s, apparently under the influence of its then most influential judge, Frenchman 
The  of the EU—formally called the —consists of two courts: the  and the 
The Court of Justice primarily deals with cases taken by member states, the institutions, and  by the courts of member states. Because of the doctrines of  and supremacy, many judgments of the Court of Justice are automatically applicable within the internal legal orders of the member states.
The General Court mainly deals with cases taken by individuals and companies directly before the EU's courts, and the European Union Civil Service Tribunal adjudicates in disputes between the European Union and . Decisions from the General Court can be appealed to the Court of Justice but only on a point of law.
The treaties declare that the EU itself is "founded on the values of respect for , , democracy, , the  and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to  ... in a society in which pluralism, non-discrimination, tolerance, justice, solidarity and equality between women and men prevail."
In 2009, the  gave legal effect to the . The charter is a codified catalogue of  against which the EU's legal acts can be judged. It consolidates many rights which were previously recognised by the Court of Justice and derived from the "constitutional traditions common to the member states." The Court of Justice has long recognised fundamental rights and has, on occasion, invalidated EU legislation based on its failure to adhere to those fundamental rights.
Signing the  (ECHR) is a condition for EU membership previously, the EU itself could not accede to the Convention as it is neither a state nor had the competence to accede. The Lisbon Treaty and Protocol 14 to the ECHR have changed this: the former binds the EU to accede to the Convention while the latter formally permits it.
The EU is independent from the Council of Europe and they share purpose and ideas especially on rule of law, human rights and democracy. Further  and , the  of  are created by Council of Europe. The EU also promoted human rights issues in the wider world. The EU opposes the death penalty and has proposed its worldwide abolition. Abolition of the death penalty is a condition for EU membership.
The main legal acts of the EU come in three forms: , , and . Regulations become law in all member states the moment they come into force, without the requirement for any implementing measures, and automatically override conflicting domestic provisions. Directives require member states to achieve a certain result while leaving them discretion as to how to achieve the result. The details of how they are to be implemented are left to member states. When the time limit for implementing directives passes, they may, under certain conditions, have  in national law against member states.
Decisions offer an alternative to the two above modes of legislation. They are legal acts which only apply to specified individuals, companies or a particular member state. They are most often used in , or on rulings on State Aid, but are also frequently used for procedural or administrative matters within the institutions. Regulations, directives, and decisions are of equal legal value and apply without any formal hierarchy.
The  was established by the . The  is elected by the  for the length of the Parliament's term, and the position is renewable. Any EU citizen or entity may appeal to the ombudsman to investigate an EU institution on the grounds of maladministration (administrative irregularities, unfairness, discrimination, abuse of power, failure to reply, refusal of information or unnecessary delay). The Irish  is the current ombudsman since 2013.
The borders inside the  between Germany and Austria
 Headquarters in , 
 Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands
Seat of  in , 
Since the creation of the EU in 1993, it has developed its competencies in the area of justice and home affairs; initially at an intergovernmental level and later by supranationalism. Accordingly, the Union has legislated in areas such as , family law, asylum law, and criminal justice. Prohibitions against sexual and nationality discrimination have a long standing in the treaties. In more recent years, these have been supplemented by powers to legislate against discrimination based on race, religion, disability, age, and sexual orientation. By virtue of these powers, the EU has enacted legislation on  in the work-place, , and .
The Union has also established agencies to co-ordinate police, prosecutorial and immigrations controls across the member states:  for co-operation of police forces,  for co-operation between prosecutors, and  for co-operation between border control authorities. The EU also operates the  which provides a common database for police and immigration authorities. This co-operation had to particularly be developed with the advent of open borders through the  and the associated cross border crime.
Foreign policy co-operation between member states dates from the establishment of the Community in 1957, when member states negotiated as a bloc in international trade negotiations under the . Steps for a more wide-ranging co-ordination in foreign relations began in 1970 with the establishment of  which created an informal consultation process between member states with the aim of forming common foreign policies. In 1987 the European Political Cooperation was introduced on a formal basis by the . EPC was renamed as the  (CFSP) by the .
The aims of the CFSP are to promote both the EU's own interests and those of the  as a whole, including the furtherance of international co-operation, respect for human rights, democracy, and the rule of law. The CFSP requires unanimity among the member states on the appropriate policy to follow on any particular issue. The unanimity and difficult issues treated under the CFSP sometimes lead to disagreements, such as those which occurred over the .
The coordinator and representative of the CFSP within the EU is the  who speaks on behalf of the EU in foreign policy and defence matters, and has the task of articulating the positions expressed by the member states on these fields of policy into a common alignment. The High Representative heads up the  (EEAS), a unique EU department that has been officially implemented and operational since 1 December 2010 on the occasion of the first anniversary of the entry into force of the . The EEAS will serve as a foreign ministry and  for the European Union.
Federica Mogherini, next to M. Fathallah Sijilmassi, former Secretary General of the  in its headquarters in Barcelona.
 and  with U.S. President , 2017.
, , after reaching in  the 
Indian PM  with  and , representing the two biggest democracies in the world.
Besides the emerging international policy of the European Union, the international influence of the EU is also felt through . The perceived benefits of becoming a member of the EU act as an incentive for both political and economic reform in states wishing to fulfil the EU's accession criteria, and are considered an important factor contributing to the reform of European formerly Communist countries. This influence on the internal affairs of other countries is generally referred to as "", as opposed to military "hard power".
The predecessors of the European Union were not devised as a military alliance because  was largely seen as appropriate and sufficient for defence purposes. 21 EU members are members of NATO while the remaining member states follow policies of . The , a military alliance with a mutual defence clause, was disbanded in 2010 as its role had been transferred to the EU.
According to the  (SIPRI), France spent $53 billion on defence in 2014 and is the only member officially recognised as a  holding a  on the . Most EU member states opposed the .
Following the  in 1999, the  agreed that "the Union must have the capacity for autonomous action, backed by credible military forces, the means to decide to use them, and the readiness to do so, in order to respond to international crises without prejudice to actions by NATO". To that end, a number of efforts were made to increase the EU's military capability, notably the  process. After much discussion, the most concrete result was the  initiative, each of which is planned to be able to deploy quickly about 1500 personnel.
 have been deployed on peacekeeping missions from middle and northern Africa to the  and western Asia. EU military operations are supported by a number of bodies, including the ,  and the .  is an  established to manage the cooperation between national  securing its external . It aims to detect and stop illegal immigration,  and terrorist infiltration. In 2015 the European Commission presented its proposal for a new European Border and Coast Guard Agency having a stronger role and mandate along with national authorities for border management. In an EU consisting of 27 members, substantial security and defence co-operation is increasingly relying on collaboration among all member states.
The , or "ECHO", provides  from the EU to . In 2012, its budget amounted to €874 million, 51% of the budget went to Africa and 20% to Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean and Pacific, and 20% to the Middle East and Mediterranean.
Humanitarian aid is financed directly by the budget (70%) as part of the financial instruments for external action and also by the  (30%). The EU's external action financing is divided into 'geographic' instruments and 'thematic' instruments. The 'geographic' instruments provide aid through the  (DCI, €16.9 billion, 2007–2013), which must spend 95% of its budget on  (ODA), and from the  (ENPI), which contains some relevant programmes. The European Development Fund (EDF, €22.7 billion for the period 2008–2013 and €30.5 billion for the period 2014-2020) is made up of voluntary contributions by member states, but there is pressure to merge the EDF into the budget-financed instruments to encourage increased contributions to match the 0.7% target and allow the  greater oversight.
In 2016, the average among EU countries was 0.4% and five had met or exceeded the 0.7% target: Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
The EU uses foreign relations instruments like the  which seeks to tie those countries to the east and south of the European territory of the EU to the Union. These countries, primarily developing countries, include some who seek to one day become either a , or more closely integrated with the European Union. The EU offers financial assistance to countries within the European Neighbourhood, so long as they meet the strict conditions of government reform, economic reform and other issues surrounding positive transformation. This process is normally underpinned by an Action Plan, as agreed by both Brussels and the target country.
International recognition of sustainable development as a key element is growing steadily. Its role was recognized in three major UN summits on sustainable development: the 1992  (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, ; the 2002 World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg, ; and the 2012  (UNCSD) in Rio de Janeiro. Other key global agreements are the  and the  (United Nations, 2015). The SDGs recognize that all countries must stimulate action in the following key areas - people, , prosperity,  and  - in order to tackle the global challenges that are crucial for the survival of .
EU development action is based on the European Consensus on Development, which was endorsed on 20 December 2005 by EU Member States, the Council, the European Parliament and the Commission. It is applied from the principles of  and .
The European Union is the largest exporter in the world and as of 2008 the largest importer of goods and services. Internal trade between the member states is aided by the removal of barriers to trade such as  and . In the , trade is helped by not having any currency differences to deal with amongst most members.
The  does something similar for a much larger range of countries, partly as a so-called soft approach ('a carrot instead of a stick') to influence the politics in those countries.
The European Union represents all its members at the  (WTO), and acts on behalf of member states in any disputes. When the EU negotiates trade related agreement outside the WTO framework, the subsequent agreement must be approved by each individual EU member state government.
The European Union has concluded  (FTAs) and other agreements with a trade component with many countries worldwide and is negotiating with many others.
The European Union has established a  across the territory of all its members representing 447 million citizens. In 2020, the EU has a combined GDP of $20 trillion , a 14% share of . As a political entity the European Union is represented in the  (WTO). EU member states own the estimated second largest after the  (105 trillion)  in the world, equal to around 20% (~€60 trillion) of the US$360 trillion (~€300 trillion) global wealth.
19 member states have joined a monetary union known as the , which uses the  as a single currency. The currency union represents 342 million EU citizens. The euro is the second largest  as well as the second most traded currency in the world after the .
Of the top  in 2010, 161 have their headquarters in the EU. In 2016, unemployment in the EU stood at 8.9% while inflation was at 2.2%, and the current account balance at −0.9% of GDP. The average annual net earnings in the European Union was around €24,000 (US$30,000) in 2015, which was about 70% of that in the .
There is a significant variation in Nominal GDP per capita within individual EU states. The difference between the richest and poorest regions (281 NUTS-2 regions of the ) ranged, in 2017, from 31% (Severozapaden, Bulgaria) of the EU28 average (€30,000) to 253% (Luxembourg), or from €4,600 to €92,600.
Two of the original core objectives of the European Economic Community were the development of a common market, subsequently becoming a , and a  between its member states. The single market involves , and the customs union involves the application of a  on all goods entering the market. Once goods have been admitted into the market they cannot be subjected to customs duties, discriminatory taxes or , as they travel internally. The non-EU member states of , ,  and  participate in the single market but not in the customs union. Half the trade in the EU is covered by legislation harmonised by the EU.
Free movement of capital is intended to permit movement of investments such as property purchases and buying of shares between countries. Until the drive towards  the development of the capital provisions had been slow. Post-Maastricht there has been a rapidly developing corpus of ECJ judgements regarding this initially neglected freedom. The free movement of capital is unique insofar as it is granted equally to non-member states.
The free movement of persons means that  can move freely between member states to live, work, study or retire in another country. This required the lowering of administrative formalities and recognition of professional qualifications of other states.
The free movement of services and of establishment allows self-employed persons to move between member states to provide services on a temporary or permanent basis. While services account for 60–70% of GDP, legislation in the area is not as developed as in other areas. This lacuna has been addressed by the recently passed  which aims to liberalise the cross border provision of services. According to the Treaty the provision of services is a residual freedom that only applies if no other freedom is being exercised.
The creation of a  became an official objective of the European Economic Community in 1969. In 1992, having negotiated the structure and procedures of a currency union, the member states signed the  and were legally bound to fulfil the agreed-on rules including the  if they wanted to join the . The states wanting to participate had first to join the .
In 1999 the currency union started, first as an accounting currency with  joining. In 2002, the currency was fully put into place, when  and coins were issued and national currencies began to phase out in the eurozone, which by then consisted of 12 member states. The eurozone (constituted by the EU member states which have adopted the euro) has since grown to 19 countries.
The euro, and the monetary policies of those who have adopted it in agreement with the EU, are under the control of the  (ECB). The ECB is the central bank for the eurozone, and thus controls  in that area with an agenda to maintain . It is at the centre of the , which comprehends all EU national central banks and is controlled by its General Council, consisting of the , who is appointed by the European Council, the Vice-President of the ECB, and the governors of the national central banks of all 27 EU member states.
The  is an institutional architecture of the EU's framework of financial supervision composed by three authorities: the , the  and the . To complement this framework, there is also a  under the responsibility of the . The aim of this financial control system is to ensure the economic stability of the EU.
To prevent the joining states from getting into financial trouble or crisis after entering the monetary union, they were obliged in the Maastricht treaty to fulfil important financial obligations and procedures, especially to show budgetary discipline and a high degree of sustainable economic convergence, as well as to avoid excessive government deficits and limit the government debt to a sustainable level.
The European Commission working sectors are: Aeronautics, automotive, biotechnology, chemicals, construction, cosmetics, defense, electronics, firearms, food and drink, gambling, healthcare, maritime, mechanics, medical, postal, raw materials, space, textile, tourism, toys and  ().
World's largest passenger airplane  built by  . Airbus is one of the world's leading aircraft manufacturers.
A  by Italian automotive manufacturer . Automotive manufacturing is one of most enduring industrial activities in the EU, and it accounts for millions of jobs, billions of euros in investment, and represents a large portion of the bloc's exports.
Tourism is a major economic activity in the European Union with wide-ranging impact on economic growth and employment. (, )
The construction sector in the European Union is the biggest provider of employment, and contributes to a major part of the Gross capital of the European Union. (, , Spain)
In 2006, the  had a gross inland energy consumption of 1,825 million tonnes of oil equivalent (toe). Around 46% of the energy consumed was produced within the member states while 54% was imported. In these statistics, nuclear energy is treated as  produced in the EU, regardless of the source of the uranium, of which less than 3% is produced in the EU.
The EU has had legislative power in the area of energy policy for most of its existence; this has its roots in the original . The introduction of a mandatory and comprehensive European energy policy was approved at the meeting of the European Council in October 2005, and the first draft policy was published in January 2007.
The EU has five key points in its energy policy: increase competition in the , encourage investment and boost interconnections between electricity grids; diversify energy resources with better systems to respond to a crisis; establish a new treaty framework for energy co-operation with Russia while improving relations with energy-rich states in Central Asia and North Africa; use existing energy supplies more efficiently while increasing ; and finally increase funding for new energy technologies.
In 2007, EU countries as a whole imported 82% of their oil, 57% of their natural gas and 97.48% of their uranium demands. There is a strong  that the EU has been attempting to reduce.
The EU is working to improve cross-border infrastructure within the EU, for example through the  (TEN). Projects under TEN include the , , the , the , the  and the . In 2010 the estimated network covers: 75,200 kilometres (46,700 mi) of roads; 78,000 kilometres (48,000 mi) of railways; 330 airports; 270 maritime harbours; and 210 internal harbours.
 is being synchronised with the  (ERTMS), an initiative to greatly enhance safety, increase efficiency of trains and enhance cross-border interoperability of rail transport in Europe by replacing signalling equipment with digitised mostly wireless versions and by creating a single Europe-wide standard for train control and command systems.
The developing European transport policies will increase the pressure on the environment in many regions by the increased transport network. In the pre-2004 EU members, the major problem in transport deals with congestion and pollution. After the recent enlargement, the new states that joined since 2004 added the problem of solving accessibility to the transport agenda. The  was upgraded such as the .
The  between Denmark and Sweden is part of the 

 container terminal, second-busiest seaport in the European Union.
Spain places second in  constructed km in the world after China
The  is another EU infrastructure project. Galileo is a proposed  system, to be built by the EU and launched by the  (ESA). The Galileo project was launched partly to reduce the EU's dependency on the US-operated , but also to give more complete global coverage and allow for greater accuracy, given the aged nature of the GPS system.
The  (CAP) is one of the long lasting policies of the European Community. The policy has the objectives of increasing agricultural production, providing certainty in food supplies, ensuring a high quality of life for farmers, stabilising markets, and ensuring reasonable prices for consumers. It was, until recently, operated by a system of subsidies and market intervention. Until the 1990s, the policy accounted for over 60% of the then 's annual budget, and as of 2013 accounts for around 34%.
The policy's  and market interventions led to considerable . These were  of products bought up by the Community to maintain minimum price levels. To dispose of surplus stores, they were often sold on the world market at prices considerably below Community guaranteed prices, or farmers were offered subsidies (amounting to the difference between the Community and world prices) to export their products outside the Community. This system has been criticised for under-cutting farmers outside Europe, especially those in the . Supporters of CAP argue that the economic support which it gives to farmers provides them with a reasonable standard of living.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the CAP has been subject to a series of reforms. Initially, these reforms included the introduction of  in 1988, where a proportion of farm land was deliberately withdrawn from production, milk quotas and, more recently, the 'de-coupling' (or disassociation) of the money farmers receive from the EU and the amount they produce (by the Fischler reforms in 2004). Agriculture expenditure will move away from subsidy payments linked to specific produce, toward direct payments based on farm size. This is intended to allow the market to dictate production levels. One of these reforms entailed the modification of the EU's sugar regime, which previously divided the sugar market between member states and certain African-Caribbean nations with a privileged relationship with the EU.
The EU operates a  intended to ensure undistorted competition within the single market. The Commission as the competition regulator for the single market is responsible for antitrust issues, approving , breaking up cartels, working for  and preventing .
The , currently , is one of the most powerful positions in the Commission, notable for the ability to affect the commercial interests of trans-national corporations. For example, in 2001 the Commission for the first time prevented a merger between two companies based in the United States ( and ) which had already been approved by their national authority. Another high-profile case , resulted in the Commission fining  over €777 million following nine years of legal action.
The EU seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 6.7% in September 2018. The euro area unemployment rate was 8.1%. Among the member states, the lowest unemployment rates were recorded in the Czech Republic (2.3%), Germany and Poland (both 3.4%), and the highest in Spain (14.9%) and Greece (19.0 in July 2018).
The EU has long sought to mitigate the effects of free markets by protecting workers rights and preventing social and environmental dumping. To this end it has adopted laws establishing minimum employment and environmental standards. These included the  and the . The EU has also sought to coordinate the social security and health systems of member states to facilitate individuals exercising free movement rights and to ensure they maintain their ability to access social security and health services in other member states.
The  is the main body that recognizes the social rights of European citizens.
A  has been proposed among others by the commissioner of Jobs .
Since 2019 there is a European Commissioner for Equality; a  has existed since 2007.
Housing, youth, childhood, Functional diversity or elderly care are supportive competencies of the European Union and can be financed by the European Social Fund.
 are supporting the development of underdeveloped regions of the EU. Such regions are primarily located in the states of  and southern Europe. Several funds provide emergency aid, support for candidate members to transform their country to conform to the EU's standard (, , and ), and support to the  (). TACIS has now become part of the worldwide  programme.
Demographic transition to a society of aging population, low fertility-rates and depopulation of non-metropolitan regions is tackled within this policies.
In 1957, when the EEC was founded, it had no environmental policy. Over the past 50 years, an increasingly dense network of legislation has been created, extending to all areas of environmental protection, including air pollution, water quality, waste management, nature conservation, and the control of chemicals, industrial hazards, and biotechnology. According to the , environmental law comprises over 500 Directives, Regulations and Decisions, making environmental policy a core area of European politics.
European policy-makers originally increased the EU's capacity to act on environmental issues by defining it as a trade problem.
 and competitive distortions in the Common Market could emerge due to the different environmental standards in each member state. In subsequent years, the environment became a formal policy area, with its own policy actors, principles and procedures. The legal basis for EU environmental policy was established with the introduction of the Single European Act in 1987.
Initially, EU environmental policy focused on Europe. More recently, the EU has demonstrated leadership in global environmental governance, e.g. the role of the EU in securing the ratification and coming into force of the  despite opposition from the . This international dimension is reflected in the EU's Sixth Environmental Action Programme, which recognises that its objectives can only be achieved if key international agreements are actively supported and properly implemented both at EU level and worldwide. The Lisbon Treaty further strengthened the leadership ambitions. EU law has played a significant role in improving habitat and species protection in Europe, as well as contributing to improvements in air and water quality and waste management.
Mitigating  is one of the top priorities of EU environmental policy. In 2007, member states agreed that, in the future, 20% of the energy used across the EU must be , and carbon dioxide emissions have to be lower in 2020 by at least 20% compared to 1990 levels. The EU has adopted an  to incorporate  into the economy. The  is an annual award given to cities that focuses on the environment, energy efficiency, and quality of life in urban areas to create .
In the  in 2019, the green parties increased their power, possibly because of the rise of post materialist values.
Proposals to reach a zero carbon economy in the European Union by 2050 were suggested in 2018 - 2019. Almost all member states supported that goal at an EU summit in June 2019. The , , , and  disagreed.
Basic education is an area where the EU's role is limited to supporting national governments. In higher education, the policy was developed in the 1980s in programmes supporting exchanges and mobility. The most visible of these has been the , a university exchange programme which began in 1987. In its first 20 years, it supported international exchange opportunities for well over 1.5 million university and college students and became a symbol of European student life.
There are similar programmes for school pupils and teachers, for trainees in , and for adult learners in the . These programmes are designed to encourage a wider knowledge of other countries and to spread good practices in the education and training fields across the EU. Through its support of the , the EU is supporting comparable standards and compatible degrees across Europe.
Scientific development is facilitated through the EU's , the first of which started in 1984. The aims of EU policy in this area are to co-ordinate and stimulate research. The independent  allocates EU funds to European or national research projects. EU  deal in a number of areas, for example energy where the aim is to develop a diverse mix of  to help the environment and to reduce dependence on imported fuels.
The EU has no major competences in the field of health care and Article 35 of the  affirms that "A high level of human health protection shall be ensured in the definition and implementation of all Union policies and activities". The 's  seeks to align national laws on the protection of people's health, on the consumers' rights, on the safety of food and other products.
All EU and many other European countries offer their citizens a free  which, on a reciprocal basis, provides insurance for emergency medical treatment insurance when visiting other participating European countries. A directive on cross-border healthcare aims at promoting co-operation on health care between member states and facilitating access to safe and high-quality cross-border healthcare for European patients.
The EU has some of the highest levels of life expectancy in the world, with , , , , , , , , and  all among the world's top 20 countries with the highest life expectancy. In general, life expectancy is lower in  than in . In 2018, the EU region with the highest life expectancy was ,  at 85.2 years, followed by the  regions of  and  both at 84.3 years,  in  at 84.3 years and  in  at 84.2 years. The overall life expectancy in the EU in 2018 was 81.0 years, higher than the World average of 72.6 years.
Cultural co-operation between member states has been an interest of the EU since its inclusion as a community competency in the Maastricht Treaty. Actions taken in the cultural area by the EU include the  seven-year programme, the  event, and orchestras such as the . The  programme selects one or more cities in every year to assist the  of that city.
 is by far the most popular sport in the European Union by the number of registered players. The other sports with the most participants in clubs are tennis, basketball, swimming, athletics, golf, gymnastics, equestrian sports, handball, volleyball and sailing.
Sport is mainly the responsibility of the member states or other international organisations, rather than of the EU. There are some EU policies that have affected sport, such as the free movement of workers, which was at the core of the  that prohibited national football leagues from imposing quotas on foreign players with European citizenship.
The  requires any application of economic rules to take into account the specific nature of sport and its structures based on voluntary activity. This followed lobbying by governing organisations such as the  and , due to objections over the application of free market principles to sport, which led to an increasing gap between rich and poor clubs. The EU does fund a programme for Israeli, Jordanian, Irish, and British football coaches, as part of the Football 4 Peace project.
The flag used is the , which consists of a  12 golden stars on a blue background. Originally designed in 1955 for the Council of Europe, the flag was adopted by the , the predecessors of the present Union, in 1986. The Council of Europe gave the flag a symbolic description in the following terms, though the official symbolic description adopted by the EU omits the reference to the "Western world":
Against the blue sky of the Western world, the stars symbolise the peoples of Europe in a form of a circle, the sign of union. The number of stars is invariably , the figure twelve being the symbol of perfection and entirety. was adopted as the motto of the Union in the year 2000, having been selected from  submitted by school pupils. Since 1985, the  of the Union has been , on 9 May (the date of the 1950 ). The  is an instrumental version of the prelude to the , the 4th movement of 's . The anthem was adopted by European Community leaders in 1985 and has since been played on official occasions.
Besides naming the continent, the  figure of  has frequently been employed as a  of Europe. Known from the myth in which  seduces her in the guise of a white bull, Europa has also been referred to in relation to the present Union. Statues of Europa and the bull decorate several of the Union's institutions and a portrait of her is seen on the 2013 series of . The bull is, for its part, depicted on all residence permit cards.
, also known as Charlemagne (: ) and later recognised as  ("Father of Europe"), has a symbolic relevance to Europe. The Commission has named  in Brussels after Charlemagne and the city of  has since 1949 awarded the  to champions of European unification. Since 2008, the organisers of this prize, in conjunction with the European Parliament, have awarded the  in recognition of similar efforts by young people.
 is a  that applies to all  of the European Union and its , as defined in the  as well as the . Within the  process, guaranteeing media freedom is named a "key indicator of a country's readiness to become part of the EU".
The majority of media in the European Union are national-oriented. Some EU-wide media focusing on European affairs have emerged since the early 1990s, such as , ,  or .  is a public Franco-German TV network that promotes programming in the areas of culture and the arts. 80% of its programming are provided in equal proportion by the two member companies, while the remainder is being provided by the   and the channel's European partners.
The  of the European Union has supported the European popular film and audiovisual industries since 1991. It provides support for the development, promotion and distribution of European works within Europe and beyond.
The European Union has had a significant positive economic impact on member states. According to a 2019 study of the member states who joined from 1973 to 2004, "without European integration, per capita incomes would have been, on average, approximately 10% lower in the first ten years after joining the EU."
The European Union has contributed to peace in Europe, in particular by pacifying border disputes.
The European Union has contributed to the spread of democracy, in particular by encouraging democratic reforms in aspiring member states.  wrote in 2009, "there is a consensus in the literature on Eastern Europe that the EU membership perspective had a huge anchoring effects for the new democracies." However, R. Daniel Keleman argues that over time, the EU has proved beneficial to leaders who are overseeing democratic backsliding, as the EU is reluctant to intervene in domestic politics, gives the authoritarians funds which they can use to strengthen their regimes, and because freedom of movement within the EU allows dissenting citizens to leave their backsliding countries.





	
	
	



	
	
	
		From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
		
		
		
		
		
		
		"EU" redirects here. For other uses, see .
This article contains  for its overall length.

Economic and political union of European states





            
         "United in Diversity""" (instrumental)



 (2015)


•  •  •  •  •  •  •  •  •  • Total• Water (%)• 2020 estimate• Density• Total• Per capita• Total• Per capita
10 others

• Summer ()






Main article: 
See also: 

Main article: 
  Scheme of  from c. 4000 to 1000 BCE according to the   The assumed  () and the subsequent .  Area possibly settled up to c. 2500 BCE.  Area settled up to 1000 BCE.     in the 
  The Roman Empire in AD 117, at its greatest extent (with its  in pink).
   met in 1814–15. The objective of the Congress was to settle the many issues arising from the , the , and the dissolution of the .
  Meeting in the  in , during the congress (9 May 1948)

    the  on  1950


  The continental territories of the member states of the European Union (European Communities pre-1993), coloured in order of accession

  In 1989, the  fell, enabling the Community to  further (the  and behind it the  pictured)


  The  was introduced in 2002, replacing 12 national currencies. Seven countries have since joined.




Main article: 



Main articles: , , and 


Main article: 


Main article: 



See also:  and 





Main article: 
See also: 



Main article: 

  Cathedral  in , .

          


Main article: 





Main article: 


			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		



Main articles: , , and 
  Organigram of the political system with the seven institutions of the Union in blue, national / intergovernmental elements in orange
  European Commission presidency candidates at  (May 2019). Left to right: Zahradil, Cué, Keller, Vestager, Timmermans, Weber




  The  of the  in Strasbourg
  , 



  , 



   held the  in 2013.




  , 


Main article: 
  European Union 2014-2020 Multiannual Financial Framework





Further information: , , and 


  The , seated in Luxembourg City


  The  in Warsaw in 2018, when the Court of Justice declared that same-sex spouses have EU residence rights.


See also: 




Main articles:  and 

			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		


Main articles: , , and 
  The EU participates in all  and  summits. ().


			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		


Main articles:  and 
  Out of the 27 EU member states, 21 are also members of . Another three NATO members are EU applicants – Albania, Montenegro and Turkey.

  Bulgarian frigate , along with Italian frigate F577  (right) and German frigate  (left) during a multinational exercise in the Mediterranean.


Further information: 
  If considered collectively, EU member states are the largest contributor of  in the world.


Main articles: , , , and 
  Eastern Partnership Summit 2015, Riga.

  , Paris


  , Donald Tusk and Jean-Claude Juncker after signing the  


Main article: 
The EU is the  in the world according to the , with an estimated nominal GDP of US$16 trillion.


  , Italy, is a financial and fashion centre in the EU inside the .


Main articles: , , and 
Clockwise from top left: A  design, displaying the name of the member state, the national  and the words "European Union" given in their official language(s). (Irish model), Croatian version of an  with the  on it, The common EU format of  (Slovak version pictured)


Main articles: , , , and 
Left: The  within  financial district. Right: 19 of the 27 EU member states have adopted the  as their . The  (dark blue) represents 340 million people. The euro is the second-largest reserve currency in the world and the world's .

  , .


Main articles:  and 


			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		

Main article: 


                        




Main article: 
Further information: 


			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		
			
			

			
		


Main articles:  and 
   Mission Control at  in , Germany.


Main article: 
  Vineyards in ; EU farms are supported by the , the largest  expenditure.


Further information: , , and 




Main articles: , , , and 
   spending by items.
  Classification of regions from 2014 to January 2020:  Less developed regions  Transition regions  More developed regions


Main articles: , , and 


Further information: , , , and 
  , an ancient woodland in eastern Poland and a , is home to 800 wild .

   of the continental European Union, according to the 


Main articles:  and 
  , the  after whom the  is named



Further information:  and 
  (Slovenian version pictured)


Further information: , , and 
  The  programme was launched in the summer of 1985 with  being the first title-holder


Main article: 
  Football is one of the most popular sports in the European Union. ( in Madrid)


Further information: 
   with the German  embossed on the metal and the French  embroidered on the fabric. 

— 
   and the Bull on a Greek vase, circa 480 BC. , 


Main articles:  and 
   headquarters in , 


































Articles related to the European Union
 articles

























 Orders, decorations, and medals of the European UnionIncluding its precedessor the  (1958–1993/2009)











 in the  (EU)












 of the 










 and 














International organisations in which the union has membership
 and 





























		Retrieved from ""
		: Hidden categories: 
		
		
	

	

    
    
        

	
	


        
            
	
	


	
	
	


        
        
            
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
			
			
			
			
		


        
    
    
        
            
        
        

	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	


    

	
	
	
	
