https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe


 is a  located entirely in the  and mostly in the .  It comprises the westernmost part of  and is bordered by the  to the north, the  to the west, the  to the south, and  to the east. The eastern border comprises a long and mixed line of mountain ranges and waterways that would normally define a subcontinent. However, Europe is generally accorded the status of a full continent because of its great physical size and the weight of history and tradition. It is the 6th largest continent in the world.
Europe is commonly considered to be  by the  of the  and , the , the  and  Seas and the waterways of the . 
Europe covers about 10,180,000 square kilometres (3,930,000 sq mi), or 2% of the Earth's surface (6.8% of land area). Politically, Europe is divided into about  of which  is the largest and most populous, spanning 39% of the continent and comprising 15% of its population. Europe had a  of about 741 million (about 11% of the ) as of 2018. The  is largely affected by warm Atlantic currents that temper winters and summers on much of the continent, even at  along which the climate in Asia and  is severe. Further from the sea, seasonal differences are more noticeable than close to the coast.
Europe, in particular  and , was the birthplace of . The  in 476 AD and the subsequent  marked the end of  and the beginning of the . , ,  and  led to the . Since the  started by  and , Europe played a predominant role in global affairs. Between the 16th and 20th centuries,  at various times the , almost all of Africa and  and the majority of Asia.
The , the subsequent  and the  shaped the continent culturally, politically and economically from the end of the 17th century until the first half of the 19th century. The , which began in  at the end of the 18th century, gave rise to radical economic, cultural and social change in  and eventually the wider world. Both  took place for the most part in Europe, contributing to a decline in Western European dominance in world affairs by the mid-20th century as the  and the  took prominence. During the , Europe was divided along the  between  in the West and the  in the East, until the  and .
In 1949 the  was founded with the idea of unifying Europe to achieve common goals. Further  by some states led to the formation of the  (EU), a separate political entity that lies between a  and a . The EU originated in Western Europe but has been  since the  in 1991. The currency of most countries of the European Union, the , is the most commonly used among Europeans; and the EU's  abolishes border and immigration controls between most of its member states. 

In classical ,  (: , ) was a  princess. The word Europe is derived from her name. The name contains the elements εὐρύς (), "wide, broad" and ὤψ (, gen. ὠπός, ) "eye, face, countenance", hence their composite  would mean "wide-gazing" or "broad of aspect".  has been an  of Earth herself in the reconstructed  and the poetry devoted to it.
There have been attempts to connect  to a Semitic term for "west", this being either   meaning "to go down, set" (said of the sun) or   "evening, west", which is at the origin of Arabic  and Hebrew . , professor in 's Near Eastern Studies Department, finds the mention of the word  on an   with the meaning of "night, [the country of] sunset", in opposition to  "[the country of] sunrise", i.e. Asia. The same naming motive according to "cartographic convention" appears in Greek Ἀνατολή ( "[sun] rise", "east", hence ).  stated that "phonologically, the match between Europa's name and any form of the Semitic word is very poor." Next to these hypotheses there is also a  root , meaning "darkness", which also produced Greek .
Most major world languages use words derived from  or  to refer to the continent. Chinese, for example, uses the word  (歐洲/欧洲); a similar Chinese-derived term  is also sometimes used in Japanese such as in the Japanese name of the European Union, , despite the   being more commonly used. In some Turkic languages the originally Persian name  ("land of the ") is used casually in referring to much of Europe, besides official names such as  or .

The prevalent definition of Europe as a geographical term has been in use since the mid-19th century.
Europe is taken to be bounded by large bodies of water to the north, west and south; Europe's limits to the far east are usually taken to be the Urals, the , and the ; to the southeast, including the , the  and the waterways connecting the Black Sea to the Mediterranean Sea.
Islands are generally grouped with the nearest continental landmass, hence  is considered to be part of Europe, while the nearby island of  is usually assigned to , although politically belonging to . Nevertheless, there are some exceptions based on sociopolitical and cultural differences.  is closest to , but is considered part of Europe politically and it is a member state of the EU.  was considered an island of  for centuries, but now it is considered to be part of Europe as well.
"Europe" as used specifically in  may also refer to  exclusively.
The term "continent" usually implies the  of a large land mass completely or almost completely surrounded by water at its borders. However the Europe-Asia part of the border is somewhat arbitrary and inconsistent with this definition because of its partial adherence to the Ural and Caucasus Mountains rather than a series of partly joined waterways suggested by cartographer  in 1715. These water divides extend with a few relatively small interruptions (compared to the aforementioned mountain ranges) from the Turkish straits running into the Mediterranean Sea to the upper part of the  that drains into the . Prior to the adoption of the current convention that includes mountain divides, the border between Europe and Asia had been redefined several times since its first conception in , but always as a series of rivers, seas, and straits without mountains that were believed to extend an unknown distance east and north from the Mediterranean Sea.
The current division of Eurasia into two continents now reflects  cultural, linguistic and ethnic differences which vary on a spectrum rather than with a sharp dividing line. The geographic border between Europe and Asia does not follow any state boundaries and now only follows a few bodies of water.  is generally considered a  divided entirely by water, while  and  are only partly divided by waterways. , , the ,  and the  are also transcontinental (or more properly, intercontinental, when oceans or large seas are involved) in that their main land areas are in Europe while pockets of their territories are located in other  separated from Europe by large bodies of water.  , for example, has territories south of the Mediterranean Sea namely  and  which are parts of  and share a border with .  According to the current convention,  and  are transcontinental countries where waterways have been completely replaced by mountains as the divide between continents.
The first recorded usage of  as a geographic term is in the  to , in reference to the western shore of the . As a name for a part of the known world, it is first used in the 6th century BC by  and . Anaximander placed the boundary between Asia and Europe along the Phasis River (the modern  on the territory of ) in the Caucasus, a convention still followed by  in the 5th century BC. Herodotus mentioned that the world had been divided by unknown persons into three parts, Europe, Asia, and Libya (Africa), with the  and the Phasis forming their boundaries—though he also states that some considered the , rather than the Phasis, as the boundary between Europe and Asia. Europe's eastern frontier was defined in the 1st century by geographer  at the River Don. The  described the continents as the lands given by  to his three sons; Europe was defined as stretching from the  at the , separating it from , to the Don, separating it from Asia.
The convention received by the  and surviving into modern usage is that of the  used by Roman era authors such as ,  and ,
who took the Tanais (the modern Don River) as the boundary.
The term "Europe" is first used for a cultural sphere in the  of the 9th century. From that time, the term designated the sphere of influence of the , as opposed to both the  churches and to the .
A cultural definition of Europe as the lands of  coalesced in the 8th century, signifying the new cultural condominium created through the confluence of Germanic traditions and Christian-Latin culture, defined partly in contrast with  and , and limited to northern , the British Isles, France, Christianised western Germany, the Alpine regions and northern and central Italy. The concept is one of the lasting legacies of the :  often figures in the letters of Charlemagne's court scholar, .
.
The question of defining a precise eastern boundary of Europe arises in the Early Modern period, as the eastern extension of  began to include .
Throughout the Middle Ages and into the 18th century, the traditional division of the landmass of  into two continents, Europe and Asia, followed Ptolemy, with the boundary following the , the , the , the  and the  (ancient ). But maps produced during the 16th to 18th centuries tended to differ in how to continue the boundary beyond the Don bend at  (where it is closest to the Volga, now joined with it by the ), into territory not described in any detail by the ancient geographers.  Around 1715,  produced a map showing the northern part of the  and the , a major tributary of the former, as components of a series of partly-joined waterways taking the boundary between Europe and Asia from the Turkish Straits and the Don River all the way to the Arctic Ocean.  In 1721, he produced a more up to date map that was easier to read.  However, his idea to use major rivers almost exclusively as the line of demarcation was never taken up by the Russian Empire.
Four years later, in 1725,  was the first to depart from the classical Don boundary by proposing that mountain ranges could be included as boundaries between continents whenever there were deemed to be no suitable waterways, the Ob and Irtysh Rivers notwithstanding.  He drew a new line along the , following the Volga north until the , along  (the  between Volga and ) and then north along . This was adopted by the Russian Empire, and introduced the convention that would eventually become commonly accepted, but not without criticism by many modern analytical geographers like  who saw little validity in the Ural Mountains as a boundary between continents.
The mapmakers continued to differ on the boundary between the lower Don and Samara well into the 19th century. The  published by the  has the boundary follow the Don beyond Kalach as far as  before cutting north towards , while other 18th- to 19th-century mapmakers such as  followed Strahlenberg's prescription. To the south, the  was identified circa 1773 by a German naturalist, , as a valley that once connected the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea, and subsequently was proposed as a natural boundary between continents.
By the mid-19th century, there were three main conventions, one following the Don, the  and the Volga, the other following the Kuma–Manych Depression to the Caspian and then the Ural River, and the third abandoning the Don altogether, following the  to the Caspian. The question was still treated as a "controversy" in geographical literature of the 1860s, with  advocating the Caucasus crest boundary as the "best possible", citing support from various "modern geographers".
In  and the , the boundary along the Kuma–Manych Depression was the most commonly used as early as 1906. In 1958, the Soviet Geographical Society formally recommended that the boundary between the Europe and Asia be drawn in textbooks from , on the , along the eastern foot of Ural Mountains, then following the  until the , and then the ; and Kuma–Manych Depression, thus placing the Caucasus entirely in Asia and the Urals entirely in Europe. However, most geographers in the Soviet Union favoured the boundary along the Caucasus crest and this became the common convention in the later 20th century, although the Kuma–Manych boundary remained in use in some 20th-century maps.
, which lived roughly 1.8 million years ago in , is the earliest  to have been discovered in Europe. Other hominid remains, dating back roughly 1 million years, have been discovered in , .  (named after the  valley in ) appeared in Europe 150,000 years ago (115,000 years ago it is found already in Poland) and disappeared from the fossil record about 28,000 years ago, with their final refuge being present-day . The Neanderthals were supplanted by modern humans (), who appeared in Europe around 43,000 to 40,000 years ago. The earliest sites in Europe dated 48,000 years ago are
 (Italy),  (Germany), and  (France)
The  period—marked by the cultivation of crops and the raising of livestock, increased numbers of settlements and the widespread use of pottery—began around 7000 BC in  and the , probably influenced by earlier farming practices in  and the . It spread from the Balkans along the valleys of the  and the  () and along the  (). Between 4500 and 3000 BC, these central European neolithic cultures developed further to the west and the north, transmitting newly acquired skills in producing copper artifacts. In Western Europe the Neolithic period was characterised not by large agricultural settlements but by field monuments, such as ,  and . The  cultural horizon flourished at the transition from the Neolithic to the . During this period giant  monuments, such as the  and , were constructed throughout Western and Southern Europe.
The  began c. 3200 BC in Greece with the  on , the first advanced civilisation in Europe. The Minoans were followed by the , who collapsed suddenly around 1200 BC, ushering the . Iron Age colonisation by the  and  gave rise to early  cities. Early  and  from around the 8th century BC gradually gave rise to historical Classical antiquity, whose beginning is sometimes dated to 776 BC, the year the first .
Ancient Greece was the founding culture of Western civilisation. Western  and  are often attributed to Ancient Greece. The Greek city-state, the , was the fundamental political unit of classical Greece. In 508 BC,  instituted the world's first  system of government in . The Greek political ideals were rediscovered in the late 18th century by European philosophers and idealists. Greece also generated many cultural contributions: in ,  and  under ,  and ; in  with  and ; in dramatic and narrative verse, starting with the epic poems of ; in drama with  and , in medicine with  and ; and in science with ,  and . In the course of the 5th century BC, several of the Greek  would ultimately check the  advance in Europe through the , considered a pivotal moment in world history, as the 50 years of peace that followed are known as , the seminal period of ancient Greece that laid many of the foundations of Western civilisation. The  brought the  into the Greek cultural sphere.
Greece was followed by , which left its mark on , , , , ,  and many more key aspects in western civilisation. Rome began as a city-state, founded, according to tradition, in 753 BC as an  . Tradition has it that there were seven  with , the founder, being the first and  falling to a republican uprising led by , but modern scholars doubt many of those stories and even the Romans themselves acknowledged that the  by the  in 387 BC destroyed many sources on their early history.
Expanding from their base in central Italy beginning in the 3rd century BC, the Romans gradually expanded to eventually rule the entire  and Western Europe by the turn of the millennium. The  ended in 27 BC, when  proclaimed the . The two centuries that followed are known as the , a period of unprecedented peace, prosperity, and political stability in most of Europe.
The empire continued to expand under emperors such as  and , who spent time on the Empire's northern border fighting ,  and  tribes.  was  by  in 313 AD after three centuries of . Constantine also permanently moved the capital of the empire from Rome to the city of , which was renamed  in his honour (modern-day ) in 330 AD. Christianity became the sole official religion of the empire in 380 AD, and in 391–392 AD, the emperor  outlawed pagan religions. This is sometimes considered to mark the end of antiquity; alternatively antiquity is considered to end with the  in 476 AD; the closure of the pagan  in 529 AD; or the rise of Islam in the early 7th century AD.
During the , Europe entered a long period of change arising from what historians call the "". There were numerous invasions and migrations amongst the , , , , , , , ,  and, later on, the , ,  and .  thinkers such as  would later refer to this as the "Dark Ages".
Isolated monastic communities were the only places to safeguard and compile written knowledge accumulated previously; apart from this very few written records survive and much literature, philosophy, mathematics, and other thinking from the classical period disappeared from Western Europe though they were preserved in the east, in the Byzantine Empire.
While the Roman empire in the west continued to decline, Roman traditions and the Roman state remained strong in the predominantly Greek-speaking , also known as the . During most of its existence, the Byzantine Empire was the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in Europe. Emperor  presided over Constantinople's first golden age: he established a  that forms the basis of many modern legal systems, funded the construction of the , and brought the Christian church under state control. He , southern Spain, and Italy. The , which sought to preserve Roman culture and adopt its values, later changed course and became anti-Constantinople, so Justinian  against the  for 30 years and destroyed much of urban life in Italy, and reduced agriculture to subsistence farming.
From the 7th century onwards, as the Byzantines and neighbouring  were severely weakened due the protracted, centuries-lasting and frequent , the Muslim Arabs began to make inroads into historically Roman territory, taking the Levant and North Africa and making inroads into . In the mid 7th century AD, following the , Islam penetrated into the  region. Over the next centuries Muslim forces took , , ,  and .
Between 711 and 726, the   the , which occupied the  and  (southwestern France). The unsuccessful  (717) weakened the Umayyad dynasty and reduced their prestige. The Umayyads were then defeated by the  leader  at the  in 732, which ended their northward advance. In the remote regions of north-western Iberia and the middle Pyrenees the power of the Muslims in the south was scarcely felt. It was here that the foundations of the Christian kingdoms of ,  and  were laid and from where the reconquest of the Iberian Peninsula would start. However, no coordinated attempt would be made to drive the  out. The Christian kingdoms were mainly focussed on their own internal power struggles. As a result, the  took the greater part of eight hundred years, in which period a long list of Alfonsos, Sanchos, Ordoños, Ramiros, Fernandos and Bermudos would be fighting their Christian rivals as much as the Muslim invaders.
One of the biggest threats during the Dark Ages were the Vikings,  seafarers who raided, raped, and pillaged across the . Many Vikings died in battles in continental Europe, and in 844 they lost many men and ships to King  in . A few months later, another fleet , only to be driven off with further heavy losses. In 911, the Vikings attacked Paris, and the Franks decided to give the Viking king Rollo land along the English Channel coast in exchange for peace. This land was named "Normandy" for the Norse "Northmen", and the Norse settlers became known as "", adopting the French culture and language and becoming French . In 1066, the Normans went on to  in the first successful cross-Channel invasion since Roman times.
During the Dark Ages, the  fell under the control of various tribes. The Germanic and Slav tribes established their domains over Western and Eastern Europe respectively. Eventually the Frankish tribes were united under . In 507, Clovis defeated the  at the , slaying King  and conquering southern  for the Franks. His conquests laid the foundation for the Frankish kingdom. , a Frankish king of the  dynasty who had conquered most of Western Europe, was anointed "" by the Pope in 800. This led in 962 to the founding of the , which eventually became centred in the German principalities of central Europe.
 saw the creation of the first Slavic states and the adoption of  (circa 1000 AD). The powerful  state of  spread its territory all the way south to the Balkans, reaching its largest territorial extent under  and causing a series of armed conflicts with . Further south, the first  emerged in the late 7th and 8th century and adopted : the , the  (later  and ), and the  (later ). To the East, the  expanded from its capital in  to become the largest state in Europe by the 10th century. In 988,  adopted  as the religion of state. Further East,  became an Islamic state in the 10th century, but was eventually absorbed into Russia several centuries later.
The period between the year 1000 and 1300 is known as the , during which the population of Europe experienced significant growth, culminating in the . Economic growth, together with the lack of safety on the mainland trading routes, made possible the development of major commercial routes along the coast of the  and . The growing wealth and independence acquired by some coastal cities gave the  a leading role in the European scene.
The Middle Ages on the mainland were dominated by the two upper echelons of the social structure: the nobility and the clergy.  developed in  in the Early Middle Ages and soon spread throughout Europe. A struggle for influence between the  and the  in England led to the writing of the  and the establishment of a . The primary source of culture in this period came from the . Through monasteries and cathedral schools, the Church was responsible for education in much of Europe.
The  reached the height of its power during the High Middle Ages. An  in 1054 split the former Roman Empire religiously, with the  in the  and the Roman Catholic Church in the former Western Roman Empire. In 1095  called for a  against  occupying  and the . In Europe itself, the Church organised the  against heretics. In the , the  concluded with the , ending over seven centuries of Islamic rule in the south-western peninsula.
In the east a resurgent Byzantine Empire recaptured Crete and Cyprus from the Muslims and reconquered the Balkans. Constantinople was the largest and wealthiest city in Europe from the 9th to the 12th centuries, with a population of approximately 400,000. The Empire was weakened following the defeat at  and was weakened considerably by the , during the . Although it would recover Constantinople in 1261,   when  by the .
In the 11th and 12th centuries, constant incursions by nomadic  tribes, such as the  and the , caused a massive migration of  populations to the safer, heavily forested regions of the north and temporarily halted the expansion of the Rus' state to the south and east. Like many other parts of , these territories were . The invaders, who became known as , were mostly Turkic-speaking peoples under Mongol suzerainty. They established the state of the  with headquarters in Crimea, which later adopted Islam as a religion and ruled over modern-day southern and central Russia for more than three centuries. After the collapse of Mongol dominions, the first Romanian states (principalities) emerged in the 14th century: Moldova and Walachia. Previously, these territories were under the successive control of Pechenegs and Cumans. From the 12th to the 15th centuries, the  grew from a small principality under Mongol rule to the largest state in Europe, overthrowing the Mongols in 1480 and eventually becoming the . The state was consolidated under  and , steadily expanding to the east and south over the next centuries.
In the early 13th century,  became a duchy ruled by a French knight of the Crusades, whose successor hired  mercenaries to fight against a rival state, only to be deposed by them in 1311. Though its core was a light-armed infantry not very superior in equipment to the legions of , the  of the  met and defeated armies of , ,  mountain folk,  archers and cavalry, , , and Asiatic , and a representative array of  chivalry. In doing so they captured large amounts of land, dominating and ruling most of Greece throughout much of the 14th century.
The  was the first  that would strike Europe in the late Middle Ages. The period between 1348 and 1420 witnessed the heaviest loss. The population of  was reduced by half. Medieval Britain was afflicted by 95 famines, and France suffered the effects of 75 or more in the same period. Europe was devastated in the mid-14th century by the , one of the most deadly  in human history which killed an estimated 25 million people in Europe alone—a third of the  at the time.
The plague had a devastating effect on Europe's social structure; it induced people to live for the moment as illustrated by  in  (1353). It was a serious blow to the Roman Catholic Church and led to increased , , and . The plague is thought to have returned every generation with varying  and mortalities until the 18th century. During this period, more than 100 plague  swept across Europe.
The Renaissance was a period of cultural change originating in  and later spreading to the rest of Europe. The rise of a  was accompanied by the recovery of forgotten  and Arabic knowledge from  libraries, often translated from Arabic into . The Renaissance spread across Europe between the 14th and 16th centuries: it saw the flowering of , , , and the , under the joint patronage of , the nobility, the , and an emerging merchant class. Patrons in Italy, including the  family of Florentine bankers and the  in , funded prolific  and  artists such as , , and .
Political intrigue within the Church in the mid-14th century caused the . During this forty-year period, two popes—one in  and one in Rome—claimed rulership over the Church. Although the schism was eventually healed in 1417, the papacy's spiritual authority had suffered greatly. In the 15th century, Europe started to extend itself beyond its geographic frontiers. Spain and Portugal, the greatest naval powers of the time, took the lead in exploring the world. Exploration reached the  in the Atlantic and the Southern tip of Africa.  reached the  in 1492, and  opened the ocean route to the  linking the Atlantic and  in 1498.  reached Asia westward across the Atlantic and the  in the Spanish expedition of Magellan-Elcano, resulting in the first , completed by  (1519–1522). Soon after, the Spanish and Portuguese began establishing large global empires in the , ,  and . France, the Netherlands and England soon followed in building large colonial empires with vast holdings in Africa, the Americas, and Asia. The  (1494–1559) led to the development of the first modern professional army in Europe, the . Their superiority became evident at the  (1522) against French-Swiss-Italian forces, which marked the end of massive pike assaults after thousands of Swiss pikemen fell to the Spanish  without the latter suffering a single casualty. Over the course of the 16th century, Spanish and Italian troops  to fight on Dutch and German battlefields, dying there in large numbers.
The Church's power was further weakened by the  in 1517 when German theologian  nailed his  criticising the selling of indulgences to the church door. He was subsequently excommunicated in the papal bull  in 1520, and his followers were condemned in the 1521 , which divided German princes between  and Roman Catholic faiths.  spread with Protestantism. War broke out first in , where  Spanish troops defeated the Protestant army of the  at the , putting an end to the  (1546–1547). Between 2 and 3 million people were killed in the  (1562–1598). The  (1568–1648) between Catholic  and   resulted in the death of hundreds of thousands of people. In the  (1583–1588), Spanish and Bavarian forces faced off against German Calvinist and Dutch troops. The  (1618–1648) crippled the Holy Roman Empire and devastated much of Germany, killing between 25 and 40 percent of its population. During the Thirty Years' War, in which various Protestant forces battled Imperial armies, France provided subsidies to Habsburg enemies, especially . The destruction of the Swedish army by Spanish tercios at the  forced France to intervene militarily in the Thirty Years' War. In 1638, France and  agreed to a treaty at Hamburg, extending the annual French subsidy of 400,000 riksdalers for three years, but Sweden would not fight against Spain. In 1643, the French defeated one of Spain's best armies at the . In the aftermath of the , France rose to predominance within Europe. France fought a series of wars over domination of Western Europe, including the , the , the , and the ; these wars cost France over a million battle casualties.
The 17th century in central and eastern Europe was a period of general . Central and Eastern Europe experienced more than 150 famines in a 200-year period between 1501 and 1700. From the  (1385) central and eastern Europe was dominated by  and . Between 1648 and 1655 in the central and eastern Europe ended hegemony of the . From the 15th to 18th centuries, when the disintegrating khanates of the  were conquered by Russia,  from the  frequently  Eastern Slavic lands to capture slaves. Further east, the  and  frequently raided the Slavic-speaking areas of Russia, Ukraine and Poland for hundreds of years, until the Russian expansion and conquest of most of northern Eurasia (i.e. Eastern Europe, Central Asia and Siberia).
The Renaissance and the  marked the start of an Age of Discovery, a period of exploration, invention, and scientific development. Among the great figures of the Western  of the 16th and 17th centuries were , , , and . According to Peter Barrett, "It is widely accepted that 'modern science' arose in the Europe of the 17th century (towards the end of the Renaissance), introducing a new understanding of the natural world."
The Age of Enlightenment was a powerful intellectual movement during the 18th century promoting scientific and reason-based thoughts. Discontent with the aristocracy and clergy's monopoly on political power in France resulted in the French Revolution and the establishment of the  as a result of which the monarchy and many of the nobility perished during the initial .  rose to power in the aftermath of the French Revolution and established the  that, during the , grew to encompass large parts of Europe before collapsing in 1815 with the .  resulted in the further dissemination of the ideals of the French Revolution, including that of the , as well as the widespread adoption of the French models of , , and . The , convened after Napoleon's downfall, established a new  in Europe centred on the five "": the UK, France, , , and Russia. This balance would remain in place until the , during which liberal uprisings affected all of Europe except for Russia and the UK. These revolutions were eventually put down by conservative elements and few reforms resulted. The year 1859 saw the unification of Romania, as a nation-state, from smaller principalities. In 1867, the  was ; and 1871 saw the unifications of both  and  as  from smaller principalities.
In parallel, the  grew more complex ever since the Ottoman defeat in the . As the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire seemed imminent, the  struggled to safeguard their strategic and commercial interests in the Ottoman domains. The  stood to benefit from the decline, whereas the  and  perceived the preservation of the Ottoman Empire to be in their best interests. Meanwhile, the  (1804) and  (1821) marked the beginning of the end of Ottoman rule in the , which ended with the  in 1912–1913. Formal recognition of the  independent principalities of ,  and  ensued at the  in 1878. Many Ottoman Muslims faced either extermination at the hands of the newly independent states, or were expelled to the shrinking Ottoman possessions in Europe or to Anatolia; between 1821 and 1922 alone, more than 5 million Ottoman Muslims were driven away from their homes, while another 5.5 million died in wars or due to starvation and disease.
The  started in  in the last part of the 18th century and spread throughout Europe. The invention and implementation of new technologies resulted in rapid urban growth, mass employment, and the rise of a new working class. Reforms in social and economic spheres followed, including the  on , the legalisation of , and the . In Britain, the  was passed, which significantly improved living conditions in many British cities. Europe's population increased from about 100 million in 1700 to 400 million by 1900. The last major famine recorded in Western Europe, the , caused death and mass emigration of millions of Irish people. In the 19th century, 70 million people left Europe in migrations to various European colonies abroad and to the United States. Demographic growth meant that, by 1900, Europe's share of the world's population was 25%.
Two world wars and an economic depression dominated the first half of the 20th century. World War I was fought between 1914 and 1918. It started when  was assassinated by the  . Most European nations were drawn into the war, which was fought between the  (, , , Portugal, , the United Kingdom, and later , , , and the United States) and the  (, , , and the ). The war left more than 16 million civilians and military dead. Over 60 million European soldiers were mobilised from 1914 to 1918.
Russia was plunged into the , which threw down the  and replaced it with the  .  and the Ottoman Empire collapsed and broke up into separate nations, and many other nations had their borders redrawn. The , which officially ended World War I in 1919, was harsh towards Germany, upon whom it placed full responsibility for the war and imposed heavy sanctions.
Excess deaths in Russia over the course of World War I and the  (including the postwar ) amounted to a combined total of 18 million. In 1932–1933, under 's leadership, confiscations of grain by the Soviet authorities contributed to the  which caused millions of deaths; surviving  were persecuted and many sent to  to do . Stalin was also responsible for the  of 1937–38 in which the  executed 681,692 people; millions of people were  to remote areas of the Soviet Union.
The  sweeping through Russia also affected other European nations following : in 1919, with the  in Germany, and the ; in 1922, with 's one party  government in the , and in 's , adopting the Western alphabet, and state .
Economic instability, caused in part by debts incurred in the First World War and 'loans' to Germany played havoc in Europe in the late 1920s and 1930s. This and the  brought about the worldwide . Helped by the economic crisis, social instability and the threat of communism,  developed throughout Europe placing  in power of what became .
In 1933, Hitler became the leader of Germany and began to work towards his goal of building Greater Germany. Germany re-expanded and took back the  and  in 1935 and 1936. In 1938,  became a part of Germany following the . Later that year, following the  signed by Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Italy, Germany annexed the , which was a part of  inhabited by ethnic Germans, and in early 1939, the remainder of Czechoslovakia was split into the , controlled by Germany, and the . At the time, Britain and France preferred a policy of .
With tensions mounting between Germany and  over the future of , the Germans turned to the Soviets, and signed the , which allowed the Soviets to invade the Baltic states and parts of Poland and Romania. Germany  on 1 September 1939, prompting France and the United Kingdom to declare war on Germany on 3 September, opening the . The  started on 17 September and Poland fell soon thereafter. On 24 September, the Soviet Union attacked the  and later, Finland. The British hoped to land at  and send troops to aid Finland, but their primary objective in the landing was to encircle Germany and cut the Germans off from Scandinavian resources. Around the same time, Germany moved troops into Denmark. German forces  in one day. The  continued.
In May 1940, Germany  through the Low Countries. France capitulated in June 1940. By August Germany began a , but failed to convince the Britons to give up. Much of London was destroyed, with 1,400,245 buildings destroyed or damaged in . In 1941, Germany invaded the Soviet Union in . On 7 December 1941 's  drew the United States into the conflict as allies of the  and other  forces.
After the staggering  in 1943, the German offensive in the Soviet Union turned into a continual fallback. The , which involved the largest  in history, was the last major German offensive on the . In June 1944, British and American forces invaded France in the , the largest seaborne invasion in history. In a bid to soften up German forces, 1,570 French cities and towns were  between June 1940 and May 1945, killing 68,778 civilians. Berlin finally , ending World War II in Europe. The war was the largest and most destructive in human history, with . More than 40 million people in Europe had died as a result of World War II, including between 11 and 17 million people who perished during . The Soviet Union  (mostly civilians) during the war, about half of all World War II casualties. By the end of World War II, Europe had more than 40 million . Several  in Central and Eastern Europe displaced a total of about 20 million people,  in particular, .
World War I and especially World War II diminished the eminence of Western Europe in world affairs. After World War II the map of Europe was redrawn at the  and divided into two blocs, the Western countries and the communist Eastern bloc, separated by what was later called by  an "". The United States and Western Europe
established the  alliance and later the Soviet Union and Central Europe established the .
The two new , the United States and the Soviet Union, became locked in a fifty-year-long Cold War, centred on . At the same time , which had already started after World War I, gradually resulted in the independence of most of the European colonies in Asia and Africa. In the 1980s the  of  and the  movement in Poland accelerated the collapse of the Eastern bloc and the end of the Cold War. Germany was reunited, after the symbolic  in 1989, and the maps of Central and Eastern Europe were redrawn once more.
 also grew after World War II. In 1949 the  was founded, following a speech by Sir , with the idea of unifying Europe to achieve common goals. It includes all European states except for  and . The  in 1957 established the  between six Western European states with the goal of a unified economic policy and common market. In 1967 the EEC,  and  formed the , which in 1993 became the . The EU established a ,  and  and introduced the  as a unified currency. Between 2004 and 2013, more Central and Eastern European countries began joining,  to its current size of 28 European countries, and once more making Europe a major economical and political centre of power. However, in June 2016 the people of the United Kingdom, in a  on EU membership voted to .
Europe makes up the western fifth of the  landmass. It has a higher ratio of coast to landmass than any other continent or subcontinent. Its maritime borders consist of the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean, Black, and Caspian Seas to the south.
Land relief in Europe shows great variation within relatively small areas. The southern regions are more mountainous, while moving north the terrain descends from the high , , and , through hilly uplands, into broad, low northern plains, which are vast in the east. This extended lowland is known as the , and at its heart lies the . An arc of uplands also exists along the north-western seaboard, which begins in the western parts of the islands of Britain and Ireland, and then continues along the mountainous, fjord-cut spine of Norway.
This description is simplified. Sub-regions such as the  and the  contain their own complex features, as does mainland Central Europe itself, where the relief contains many plateaus, river valleys and basins that complicate the general trend. Sub-regions like , Britain, and Ireland are special cases. The former is a land unto itself in the northern ocean which is counted as part of Europe, while the latter are upland areas that were once joined to the mainland until rising sea levels cut them off.
Europe lies mainly in the  climate zones, being subjected to . The climate is milder in comparison to other areas of the same latitude around the globe due to the influence of the . The Gulf Stream is nicknamed "Europe's central heating", because it makes Europe's climate warmer and wetter than it would otherwise be. The Gulf Stream not only carries warm water to Europe's coast but also warms up the prevailing westerly winds that blow across the continent from the Atlantic Ocean.
Therefore, the average temperature throughout the year of Naples is 16 °C (61 °F), while it is only 12 °C (54 °F) in New York City which is almost on the same latitude. Berlin, Germany; Calgary, Canada; and Irkutsk, in the Asian part of Russia, lie on around the same latitude; January temperatures in Berlin average around 8 °C (14 °F) higher than those in Calgary, and they are almost 22 °C (40 °F) higher than average temperatures in Irkutsk. Similarly, northern parts of Scotland have a temperate marine climate. The yearly average temperature in city of Inverness is 9.05 °C (48.29 °F). However, Churchill, Manitoba, Canada, is on roughly the same latitude and has an average temperature of −6.5 °C (20.3 °F), giving it a nearly subarctic climate.
In general, Europe is not just colder towards the north compared to the south, but it also gets colder from the west towards the east. The climate is more oceanic in the west, and less so in the east. This can be illustrated by the following table of average temperatures at locations roughly following the 60th, 55th, 50th, 45th and 40th . None of them is located at high altitude; most of them are close to the sea. (location, approximate latitude and longitude, coldest month average, hottest month average and annual average temperatures in degrees C)

It is notable how the average temperatures for the coldest month, as well as the annual average temperatures, drop from the west to the east. For instance, Edinburgh is warmer than Belgrade during the coldest month of the year, although Belgrade is around 10° of latitude farther south.
The geological history of Europe traces back to the formation of the  (Fennoscandia) and the , both around 2.25 billion years ago, followed by the  shield, the three together leading to the  (≈ ) which became a part of the  . Around 1.1 billion years ago, Baltica and Arctica (as part of the  block) became joined to , later resplitting around 550 million years ago to reform as Baltica. Around 440 million years ago  was formed from Baltica and Laurentia; a further joining with  then leading to the formation of . Around 190 million years ago, Gondwana and  split apart due to the widening of the Atlantic Ocean. Finally, and very soon afterwards, Laurasia itself split up again, into Laurentia (North America) and the Eurasian continent. The land connection between the two persisted for a considerable time, via , leading to interchange of animal species. From around 50 million years ago, rising and falling sea levels have determined the actual shape of Europe, and its connections with continents such as Asia. Europe's present shape dates to the late  about five million years ago.
The geology of Europe is hugely varied and complex, and gives rise to the wide variety of landscapes found across the continent, from the  to the rolling  of Hungary. Europe's most significant feature is the dichotomy between highland and mountainous  and a vast, partially underwater, northern plain ranging from Ireland in the west to the  in the east. These two halves are separated by the mountain chains of the  and /. The northern plains are delimited in the west by the  and the mountainous parts of the British Isles. Major shallow water bodies submerging parts of the northern plains are the , the , the  complex and .
The northern plain contains the old geological continent of , and so may be regarded geologically as the "main continent", while peripheral highlands and mountainous regions in the south and west constitute fragments from various other geological continents. Most of the older geology of western Europe existed as part of the ancient  .
Having lived side-by-side with agricultural peoples for millennia, Europe's animals and plants have been profoundly affected by the presence and activities of man. With the exception of  and northern Russia, few areas of untouched wilderness are currently found in Europe, except for various .
The main natural vegetation cover in Europe is mixed . The conditions for growth are very favourable. In the north, the  and  warm the continent. Southern Europe could be described as having a warm, but mild climate. There are frequent summer droughts in this region. Mountain ridges also affect the conditions. Some of these (, ) are oriented east–west and allow the wind to carry large masses of water from the ocean in the interior. Others are oriented south–north (, , , ) and because the rain falls primarily on the side of mountains that is oriented towards the sea, forests grow well on this side, while on the other side, the conditions are much less favourable. Few corners of mainland Europe have not been grazed by  at some point in time, and the cutting down of the pre-agricultural forest habitat caused disruption to the original plant and animal ecosystems.
Probably 80 to 90 percent of Europe was once covered by forest. It stretched from the Mediterranean Sea to the Arctic Ocean. Although over half of Europe's original forests disappeared through the centuries of , Europe still has over one quarter of its land area as forest, such as the  forests,  of Scandinavia and Russia, mixed  of the Caucasus and the  forests in the western Mediterranean. During recent times, deforestation has been slowed and many trees have been planted. However, in many cases monoculture  of  have replaced the original mixed natural forest, because these grow quicker. The plantations now cover vast areas of land, but offer poorer habitats for many European forest dwelling species which require a mixture of tree species and diverse forest structure. The amount of natural forest in Western Europe is just 2–3% or less, in European Russia 5–10%. The country with the smallest percentage of forested area is  (1%), while the most forested country is Finland (77%).
In temperate Europe, mixed forest with both  and coniferous trees dominate. The most important species in central and western Europe are  and . In the north, the taiga is a mixed –– forest; further north within Russia and extreme northern Scandinavia, the taiga gives way to  as the Arctic is approached. In the Mediterranean, many  trees have been planted, which are very well adapted to its arid climate;  is also widely planted in southern Europe. The semi-arid Mediterranean region hosts much scrub forest. A narrow east–west tongue of Eurasian  (the ) extends eastwards from  and southern Russia and ends in Hungary and traverses into taiga to the north.
Glaciation during the  and the presence of man affected the distribution of . As for the animals, in many parts of Europe most large animals and top  species have been hunted to extinction. The  was extinct before the end of the  period. Today  () and  () are endangered. Once they were found in most parts of Europe. However, deforestation and hunting caused these animals to withdraw further and further. By the  the bears' habitats were limited to more or less inaccessible mountains with sufficient forest cover. Today, the  lives primarily in the , Scandinavia, and Russia; a small number also persist in other countries across Europe (Austria, Pyrenees etc.), but in these areas brown bear populations are fragmented and marginalised because of the destruction of their habitat. In addition,  may be found on , a Norwegian archipelago far north of Scandinavia. The , the second largest predator in Europe after the brown bear, can be found primarily in  and in the Balkans, with a handful of packs in pockets of  (Scandinavia, Spain, etc.).
European wild cat, foxes (especially the red fox), jackal and different species of martens, hedgehogs, different species of reptiles (like snakes such as vipers and grass snakes) and amphibians, different birds (owls, hawks and other birds of prey).
Important European herbivores are snails, larvae, fish, different birds, and mammals, like rodents, deer and roe deer, boars, and living in the mountains, marmots, steinbocks, chamois among others. A number of insects, such as the  butterfly, add to the biodiversity.
The extinction of the  and  has been linked to the earliest arrival of humans on the islands of the .
Sea creatures are also an important part of European flora and fauna. The sea flora is mainly . Important animals that live in European seas are , , , different ,  and , fish, , and .
Biodiversity is protected in Europe through the Council of Europe's , which has also been signed by the  as well as non-European states.

The political map of Europe is substantially derived from the re-organisation of Europe following the  in 1815. The prevalent form of government in Europe is , in most cases in the form of ; in 1815, the prevalent form of government was still the . Europe's remaining eleven monarchies are .
 is the process of political, legal, economic (and in some cases social and cultural) integration of European states as it has been pursued by the powers sponsoring the  since the end of 
The  has been the focus of economic integration on the continent since its foundation in 1993. More recently, the  has been established as a counterpart comprising former Soviet states.
27 European states are members of the politico-economic European Union, 26 of the border-free  and 19 of the monetary union . Among the smaller European organisations are the , the , the  and the .
The list below includes all entities falling even partially under any of the , geographic or political.
Within the above-mentioned states are several  independent countries with . None of them are members of the UN:
Several dependencies and similar territories with broad autonomy are also found within or in close proximity to Europe. This includes Åland (a ), two constituent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark (other than Denmark itself), three , and two . Svalbard is also included due to its unique status within Norway, although it is not autonomous. Not included are the three  with devolved powers and the two , which despite having a unique degree of autonomy, are not largely self-governing in matters other than international affairs. Areas with little more than a unique tax status, such as  and the , are also not included for this reason.
As a continent, the economy of Europe is currently the largest on Earth and it is the richest region as measured by assets under management with over $32.7 trillion compared to North America's $27.1 trillion in 2008. In 2009 Europe remained the wealthiest region. Its $37.1 trillion in assets under management represented one-third of the world's wealth. It was one of several regions where wealth surpassed its precrisis year-end peak. As with other continents, Europe has a large variation of wealth among its countries. The richer states tend to be in the ; some of the  economies are still emerging from the  and the .
The European Union, a political entity composed of 28 European states, comprises the  in the world. 19 EU  share the  as a common currency.
Five European countries rank in the top ten of the world's largest . This includes (ranks according to the ): Germany (5), the UK (6), Russia (7), France (8), and Italy (10).
There is huge disparity between many European countries in terms of their income. The richest in terms of GDP per capita is Monaco with its US$172,676 per capita (2009) and the poorest is  with its GDP per capita of US$1,631 (2010).  is the richest country in terms of GDP per capita in the world according to the World Bank report.
As a whole, Europe's GDP per capita is US$21,767 according to a 2016 International Monetary Fund assessment.
Capitalism has been dominant in the Western world since the end of feudalism. From Britain, it gradually spread throughout Europe. The  started in Europe, specifically the United Kingdom in the late 18th century, and the 19th century saw Western Europe industrialise. Economies were disrupted by World War I but by the beginning of World War II they had recovered and were having to compete with the growing economic strength of the United States. World War II, again, damaged much of Europe's industries.
After World War II the economy of the UK was in a state of ruin, and continued to suffer relative economic decline in the following decades. Italy was also in a poor economic condition but regained a high level of growth by the 1950s. West Germany  and had doubled production from pre-war levels by the 1950s. France also staged a remarkable comeback enjoying rapid growth and modernisation; later on Spain, under the leadership of , also recovered, and the nation recorded huge unprecedented economic growth beginning in the 1960s in what is called the . The majority of  states came under the control of the  and thus were members of the  (COMECON).
The states which retained a  system were given a large amount of aid by the United States under the . The western states moved to link their economies together, providing the basis for the EU and increasing cross border trade. This helped them to enjoy rapidly improving economies, while those states in COMECON were struggling in a large part due to the cost of the . Until 1990, the  was expanded from 6 founding members to 12. The emphasis placed on resurrecting the West German economy led to it overtaking the UK as Europe's largest economy.
With the fall of communism in Central and Eastern Europe in 1991, the post-socialist states began free market reforms.
After  and West Germany were reunited in 1990, the economy of West Germany struggled as it had to support and largely rebuild the infrastructure of East Germany.
By the millennium change, the EU dominated the economy of Europe comprising the five largest European economies of the time namely Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, and Spain. In 1999, 12 of the 15 members of the EU joined the  replacing their former national currencies by the common euro. The three who chose to remain outside the Eurozone were: the United Kingdom, Denmark, and Sweden. The European Union is now the largest economy in the world.
Figures released by  in 2009 confirmed that the Eurozone had gone into  in 2008. It impacted much of the region. In 2010, fears of a  developed concerning some countries in Europe, especially Greece, Ireland, Spain, and Portugal. As a result, measures were taken, especially for Greece, by the leading countries of the Eurozone. The  unemployment rate was 10.3% in 2012. For those aged 15–24 it was 22.4%.
In 2017, the population of Europe was estimated to be 742 million according to the 2019 revision of the World Population Prospects, which is slightly more than one-ninth of the world's population. This number includes Asian Russia (Siberia, about 36 million people) but excludes the European part of Turkey, Cyprus and the Transcaucasian countries.
A century ago, Europe had nearly a quarter of the . The population of Europe has grown in the past century, but in other areas of the world (in particular Africa and Asia) the population has grown far more quickly. Among the continents, Europe has a relatively high , second only to Asia. Most of Europe is in a mode of , which means that each new(-born) generation is being less populous than the older.
The most densely populated country in Europe (and in the world) is the  of .
Pan and Pfeil (2004) count 87 distinct "peoples of Europe", of which 33 form the majority population in at least one sovereign state, while the remaining 54 constitute .
According to UN population projection, Europe's population may fall to about 7% of world population by 2050, or 653 million people (medium variant, 556 to 777 million in low and high variants, respectively). Within this context, significant disparities exist between regions in relation to . The average number of  of child-bearing age is 1.52. According to some sources, this rate is higher among . The UN predicts a steady  in  as a result of emigration and low birth rates.
Europe is home to the highest number of migrants of all global regions at 70.6 million people, the 's report said. In 2005, the EU had an overall net gain from  of 1.8 million people. This accounted for almost 85% of Europe's total . In 2008, 696,000 persons were given citizenship of an EU27 member state, a decrease from 707,000 the previous year. In 2017, approximately 825,000 persons acquired  of an EU28 member state. 2.4 million immigrants from non-EU countries entered the EU in 2017.
Early modern  began with Spanish and Portuguese settlers in the 16th century, and French and English settlers in the 17th century. But numbers remained relatively small until waves of mass emigration in the 19th century, when millions of poor families left Europe.
Today,  are found on every continent. European ancestry predominates in North America, and to a lesser degree in South America (particularly in , ,  and , while most of the other  countries also have a considerable ).  and  have large European derived populations. Africa has no countries with European-derived majorities (or with the exception of  and probably , depending on context), but there are significant minorities, such as the . In Asia, European-derived populations predominate in  (specifically ) and some parts of Northern .
Europe has about 225 indigenous languages, mostly falling within three  language groups: the , derived from the  of the ; the , whose ancestor language came from southern Scandinavia; and the . Slavic languages are mostly spoken in Central, Eastern, and Southeastern Europe. Romance languages are spoken primarily in Western and Southern Europe as well as in  and  in Eastern Europe. Germanic languages are spoken in Western and Northern Europe and parts of Central Europe. Languages in adjacent areas show significant overlaps (such as in , for example).  Other Indo-European languages outside the three main groups include the  group ( and ), the  group (, , , , , and ), , , and .
A distinct non-Indo-European family of  (, , , , , , , and ) is spoken mainly in , , , and parts of Russia.  include ,  and , in addition to smaller languages in Eastern and Southeast Europe (, , , , , , , and ).  (, , and ) are spoken primarily in . Two other language families reside in the North Caucasus (termed , most notably including , , and ; and , most notably including ).  is the only  that is official within the EU, while  is the only European .
Multilingualism and the protection of regional and minority languages are recognised political goals in Europe today. The   and the Council of Europe's  set up a legal framework for language rights in Europe.
The four  are , ,  and , each have over 10 million residents, and as such have been described as . While Istanbul has the highest total population, one third lies on the Asian side of the , making Moscow the most populous city entirely in Europe.
The next largest cities in order of population are , ,  and , each having over 3 million residents.
When considering the commuter belts or , within the EU (for which comparable data is available) London covers the largest population, followed in order by Paris, Madrid, Barcelona, Berlin, the , Rome, Milan, Athens and .
"Europe" as a cultural concept is substantially derived from the shared heritage of the  and .
The boundaries of Europe were historically understood as those of  (or more specifically ), as established or defended throughout the medieval and early modern history of Europe, especially , as in the  and the .
This shared cultural heritage is combined by overlapping indigenous national cultures and folklores, roughly divided into ,  and , but with several components not part of either of these group (notably  and ).
Cultural contact and mixtures characterise much of European regional cultures; Kaplan (2014) describes Europe as "embracing maximum cultural diversity at minimal geographical distances".
, religion in Europe has been a major influence on , ,  and . There are six patron saints of Europe venerated in Roman Catholicism, five of them so declared by Pope John Paul II between 1980–1999: Saints Cyril and Methodius, Saint Bridget of Sweden, Catherine of Siena and Saint Teresa Benedicta of the Cross (Edith Stein). The exception is Benedict of Nursia, who had already been declared "Patron Saint of all Europe" by Pope Paul VI in 1964.
The largest religion in Europe is , with 76.2% of Europeans considering themselves , including ,  and various  denominations. Among Protestants, the most popular are historically state-supported European denominations such as ,  and the . Other Protestant denominations such as historically significant ones like  were never supported by any state and thus are not so widespread, as well as these newly arriving from the  such as , , ,  and various ; although Methodism and Baptists both have European origins. The notion of "Europe" and the "" has been intimately connected with the concept of ""; many even attribute Christianity for being the link that created a unified .
, including the Roman , has played a prominent role in the shaping of  since at least the 4th century, and for at least a millennium and a half, Europe has been nearly equivalent to , even though the religion was inherited from the .  was the predominant force in , guiding the course of , , and .
The second most popular religion is  (6%) concentrated mainly in the Balkans and eastern Europe (, , , , , , , , and the ). Other religions, including Judaism, , and  are minority religions (though Tibetan Buddhism is the majority religion of Russia's ). The 20th century saw the revival of  through movements such as  and .
Europe has become a relatively  continent, with an increasing number and proportion of ,  and  people, who make up about 18.2% of Europe's population, currently the largest secular population in the . There are a particularly high number of self-described non-religious people in the Czech Republic, , Sweden, former East Germany, and France.
 
 
 
















 is a  located entirely in the  and mostly in the .  It comprises the westernmost part of  and is bordered by the  to the north, the  to the west, the  to the south, and  to the east. The eastern border comprises a long and mixed line of mountain ranges and waterways that would normally define a subcontinent. However, Europe is generally accorded the status of a full continent because of its great physical size and the weight of history and tradition. It is the 6th largest continent in the world.
Europe is commonly considered to be  by the  of the  and , the , the  and  Seas and the waterways of the . 
Europe covers about 10,180,000 square kilometres (3,930,000 sq mi), or 2% of the Earth's surface (6.8% of land area). Politically, Europe is divided into about  of which  is the largest and most populous, spanning 39% of the continent and comprising 15% of its population. Europe had a  of about 741 million (about 11% of the ) as of 2018. The  is largely affected by warm Atlantic currents that temper winters and summers on much of the continent, even at  along which the climate in Asia and  is severe. Further from the sea, seasonal differences are more noticeable than close to the coast.
Europe, in particular  and , was the birthplace of . The  in 476 AD and the subsequent  marked the end of  and the beginning of the . , ,  and  led to the . Since the  started by  and , Europe played a predominant role in global affairs. Between the 16th and 20th centuries,  at various times the , almost all of Africa and  and the majority of Asia.
The , the subsequent  and the  shaped the continent culturally, politically and economically from the end of the 17th century until the first half of the 19th century. The , which began in  at the end of the 18th century, gave rise to radical economic, cultural and social change in  and eventually the wider world. Both  took place for the most part in Europe, contributing to a decline in Western European dominance in world affairs by the mid-20th century as the  and the  took prominence. During the , Europe was divided along the  between  in the West and the  in the East, until the  and .
In 1949 the  was founded with the idea of unifying Europe to achieve common goals. Further  by some states led to the formation of the  (EU), a separate political entity that lies between a  and a . The EU originated in Western Europe but has been  since the  in 1991. The currency of most countries of the European Union, the , is the most commonly used among Europeans; and the EU's  abolishes border and immigration controls between most of its member states. 

In classical ,  (: , ) was a  princess. The word Europe is derived from her name. The name contains the elements εὐρύς (), "wide, broad" and ὤψ (, gen. ὠπός, ) "eye, face, countenance", hence their composite  would mean "wide-gazing" or "broad of aspect".  has been an  of Earth herself in the reconstructed  and the poetry devoted to it.
There have been attempts to connect  to a Semitic term for "west", this being either   meaning "to go down, set" (said of the sun) or   "evening, west", which is at the origin of Arabic  and Hebrew . , professor in 's Near Eastern Studies Department, finds the mention of the word  on an   with the meaning of "night, [the country of] sunset", in opposition to  "[the country of] sunrise", i.e. Asia. The same naming motive according to "cartographic convention" appears in Greek Ἀνατολή ( "[sun] rise", "east", hence ).  stated that "phonologically, the match between Europa's name and any form of the Semitic word is very poor." Next to these hypotheses there is also a  root , meaning "darkness", which also produced Greek .
Most major world languages use words derived from  or  to refer to the continent. Chinese, for example, uses the word  (歐洲/欧洲); a similar Chinese-derived term  is also sometimes used in Japanese such as in the Japanese name of the European Union, , despite the   being more commonly used. In some Turkic languages the originally Persian name  ("land of the ") is used casually in referring to much of Europe, besides official names such as  or .

The prevalent definition of Europe as a geographical term has been in use since the mid-19th century.
Europe is taken to be bounded by large bodies of water to the north, west and south; Europe's limits to the far east are usually taken to be the Urals, the , and the ; to the southeast, including the , the  and the waterways connecting the Black Sea to the Mediterranean Sea.
Islands are generally grouped with the nearest continental landmass, hence  is considered to be part of Europe, while the nearby island of  is usually assigned to , although politically belonging to . Nevertheless, there are some exceptions based on sociopolitical and cultural differences.  is closest to , but is considered part of Europe politically and it is a member state of the EU.  was considered an island of  for centuries, but now it is considered to be part of Europe as well.
"Europe" as used specifically in  may also refer to  exclusively.
The term "continent" usually implies the  of a large land mass completely or almost completely surrounded by water at its borders. However the Europe-Asia part of the border is somewhat arbitrary and inconsistent with this definition because of its partial adherence to the Ural and Caucasus Mountains rather than a series of partly joined waterways suggested by cartographer  in 1715. These water divides extend with a few relatively small interruptions (compared to the aforementioned mountain ranges) from the Turkish straits running into the Mediterranean Sea to the upper part of the  that drains into the . Prior to the adoption of the current convention that includes mountain divides, the border between Europe and Asia had been redefined several times since its first conception in , but always as a series of rivers, seas, and straits without mountains that were believed to extend an unknown distance east and north from the Mediterranean Sea.
The current division of Eurasia into two continents now reflects  cultural, linguistic and ethnic differences which vary on a spectrum rather than with a sharp dividing line. The geographic border between Europe and Asia does not follow any state boundaries and now only follows a few bodies of water.  is generally considered a  divided entirely by water, while  and  are only partly divided by waterways. , , the ,  and the  are also transcontinental (or more properly, intercontinental, when oceans or large seas are involved) in that their main land areas are in Europe while pockets of their territories are located in other  separated from Europe by large bodies of water.  , for example, has territories south of the Mediterranean Sea namely  and  which are parts of  and share a border with .  According to the current convention,  and  are transcontinental countries where waterways have been completely replaced by mountains as the divide between continents.
The first recorded usage of  as a geographic term is in the  to , in reference to the western shore of the . As a name for a part of the known world, it is first used in the 6th century BC by  and . Anaximander placed the boundary between Asia and Europe along the Phasis River (the modern  on the territory of ) in the Caucasus, a convention still followed by  in the 5th century BC. Herodotus mentioned that the world had been divided by unknown persons into three parts, Europe, Asia, and Libya (Africa), with the  and the Phasis forming their boundaries—though he also states that some considered the , rather than the Phasis, as the boundary between Europe and Asia. Europe's eastern frontier was defined in the 1st century by geographer  at the River Don. The  described the continents as the lands given by  to his three sons; Europe was defined as stretching from the  at the , separating it from , to the Don, separating it from Asia.
The convention received by the  and surviving into modern usage is that of the  used by Roman era authors such as ,  and ,
who took the Tanais (the modern Don River) as the boundary.
The term "Europe" is first used for a cultural sphere in the  of the 9th century. From that time, the term designated the sphere of influence of the , as opposed to both the  churches and to the .
A cultural definition of Europe as the lands of  coalesced in the 8th century, signifying the new cultural condominium created through the confluence of Germanic traditions and Christian-Latin culture, defined partly in contrast with  and , and limited to northern , the British Isles, France, Christianised western Germany, the Alpine regions and northern and central Italy. The concept is one of the lasting legacies of the :  often figures in the letters of Charlemagne's court scholar, .
.
The question of defining a precise eastern boundary of Europe arises in the Early Modern period, as the eastern extension of  began to include .
Throughout the Middle Ages and into the 18th century, the traditional division of the landmass of  into two continents, Europe and Asia, followed Ptolemy, with the boundary following the , the , the , the  and the  (ancient ). But maps produced during the 16th to 18th centuries tended to differ in how to continue the boundary beyond the Don bend at  (where it is closest to the Volga, now joined with it by the ), into territory not described in any detail by the ancient geographers.  Around 1715,  produced a map showing the northern part of the  and the , a major tributary of the former, as components of a series of partly-joined waterways taking the boundary between Europe and Asia from the Turkish Straits and the Don River all the way to the Arctic Ocean.  In 1721, he produced a more up to date map that was easier to read.  However, his idea to use major rivers almost exclusively as the line of demarcation was never taken up by the Russian Empire.
Four years later, in 1725,  was the first to depart from the classical Don boundary by proposing that mountain ranges could be included as boundaries between continents whenever there were deemed to be no suitable waterways, the Ob and Irtysh Rivers notwithstanding.  He drew a new line along the , following the Volga north until the , along  (the  between Volga and ) and then north along . This was adopted by the Russian Empire, and introduced the convention that would eventually become commonly accepted, but not without criticism by many modern analytical geographers like  who saw little validity in the Ural Mountains as a boundary between continents.
The mapmakers continued to differ on the boundary between the lower Don and Samara well into the 19th century. The  published by the  has the boundary follow the Don beyond Kalach as far as  before cutting north towards , while other 18th- to 19th-century mapmakers such as  followed Strahlenberg's prescription. To the south, the  was identified circa 1773 by a German naturalist, , as a valley that once connected the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea, and subsequently was proposed as a natural boundary between continents.
By the mid-19th century, there were three main conventions, one following the Don, the  and the Volga, the other following the Kuma–Manych Depression to the Caspian and then the Ural River, and the third abandoning the Don altogether, following the  to the Caspian. The question was still treated as a "controversy" in geographical literature of the 1860s, with  advocating the Caucasus crest boundary as the "best possible", citing support from various "modern geographers".
In  and the , the boundary along the Kuma–Manych Depression was the most commonly used as early as 1906. In 1958, the Soviet Geographical Society formally recommended that the boundary between the Europe and Asia be drawn in textbooks from , on the , along the eastern foot of Ural Mountains, then following the  until the , and then the ; and Kuma–Manych Depression, thus placing the Caucasus entirely in Asia and the Urals entirely in Europe. However, most geographers in the Soviet Union favoured the boundary along the Caucasus crest and this became the common convention in the later 20th century, although the Kuma–Manych boundary remained in use in some 20th-century maps.
, which lived roughly 1.8 million years ago in , is the earliest  to have been discovered in Europe. Other hominid remains, dating back roughly 1 million years, have been discovered in , .  (named after the  valley in ) appeared in Europe 150,000 years ago (115,000 years ago it is found already in Poland) and disappeared from the fossil record about 28,000 years ago, with their final refuge being present-day . The Neanderthals were supplanted by modern humans (), who appeared in Europe around 43,000 to 40,000 years ago. The earliest sites in Europe dated 48,000 years ago are
 (Italy),  (Germany), and  (France)
The  period—marked by the cultivation of crops and the raising of livestock, increased numbers of settlements and the widespread use of pottery—began around 7000 BC in  and the , probably influenced by earlier farming practices in  and the . It spread from the Balkans along the valleys of the  and the  () and along the  (). Between 4500 and 3000 BC, these central European neolithic cultures developed further to the west and the north, transmitting newly acquired skills in producing copper artifacts. In Western Europe the Neolithic period was characterised not by large agricultural settlements but by field monuments, such as ,  and . The  cultural horizon flourished at the transition from the Neolithic to the . During this period giant  monuments, such as the  and , were constructed throughout Western and Southern Europe.
The  began c. 3200 BC in Greece with the  on , the first advanced civilisation in Europe. The Minoans were followed by the , who collapsed suddenly around 1200 BC, ushering the . Iron Age colonisation by the  and  gave rise to early  cities. Early  and  from around the 8th century BC gradually gave rise to historical Classical antiquity, whose beginning is sometimes dated to 776 BC, the year the first .
Ancient Greece was the founding culture of Western civilisation. Western  and  are often attributed to Ancient Greece. The Greek city-state, the , was the fundamental political unit of classical Greece. In 508 BC,  instituted the world's first  system of government in . The Greek political ideals were rediscovered in the late 18th century by European philosophers and idealists. Greece also generated many cultural contributions: in ,  and  under ,  and ; in  with  and ; in dramatic and narrative verse, starting with the epic poems of ; in drama with  and , in medicine with  and ; and in science with ,  and . In the course of the 5th century BC, several of the Greek  would ultimately check the  advance in Europe through the , considered a pivotal moment in world history, as the 50 years of peace that followed are known as , the seminal period of ancient Greece that laid many of the foundations of Western civilisation. The  brought the  into the Greek cultural sphere.
Greece was followed by , which left its mark on , , , , ,  and many more key aspects in western civilisation. Rome began as a city-state, founded, according to tradition, in 753 BC as an  . Tradition has it that there were seven  with , the founder, being the first and  falling to a republican uprising led by , but modern scholars doubt many of those stories and even the Romans themselves acknowledged that the  by the  in 387 BC destroyed many sources on their early history.
Expanding from their base in central Italy beginning in the 3rd century BC, the Romans gradually expanded to eventually rule the entire  and Western Europe by the turn of the millennium. The  ended in 27 BC, when  proclaimed the . The two centuries that followed are known as the , a period of unprecedented peace, prosperity, and political stability in most of Europe.
The empire continued to expand under emperors such as  and , who spent time on the Empire's northern border fighting ,  and  tribes.  was  by  in 313 AD after three centuries of . Constantine also permanently moved the capital of the empire from Rome to the city of , which was renamed  in his honour (modern-day ) in 330 AD. Christianity became the sole official religion of the empire in 380 AD, and in 391–392 AD, the emperor  outlawed pagan religions. This is sometimes considered to mark the end of antiquity; alternatively antiquity is considered to end with the  in 476 AD; the closure of the pagan  in 529 AD; or the rise of Islam in the early 7th century AD.
During the , Europe entered a long period of change arising from what historians call the "". There were numerous invasions and migrations amongst the , , , , , , , ,  and, later on, the , ,  and .  thinkers such as  would later refer to this as the "Dark Ages".
Isolated monastic communities were the only places to safeguard and compile written knowledge accumulated previously; apart from this very few written records survive and much literature, philosophy, mathematics, and other thinking from the classical period disappeared from Western Europe though they were preserved in the east, in the Byzantine Empire.
While the Roman empire in the west continued to decline, Roman traditions and the Roman state remained strong in the predominantly Greek-speaking , also known as the . During most of its existence, the Byzantine Empire was the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in Europe. Emperor  presided over Constantinople's first golden age: he established a  that forms the basis of many modern legal systems, funded the construction of the , and brought the Christian church under state control. He , southern Spain, and Italy. The , which sought to preserve Roman culture and adopt its values, later changed course and became anti-Constantinople, so Justinian  against the  for 30 years and destroyed much of urban life in Italy, and reduced agriculture to subsistence farming.
From the 7th century onwards, as the Byzantines and neighbouring  were severely weakened due the protracted, centuries-lasting and frequent , the Muslim Arabs began to make inroads into historically Roman territory, taking the Levant and North Africa and making inroads into . In the mid 7th century AD, following the , Islam penetrated into the  region. Over the next centuries Muslim forces took , , ,  and .
Between 711 and 726, the   the , which occupied the  and  (southwestern France). The unsuccessful  (717) weakened the Umayyad dynasty and reduced their prestige. The Umayyads were then defeated by the  leader  at the  in 732, which ended their northward advance. In the remote regions of north-western Iberia and the middle Pyrenees the power of the Muslims in the south was scarcely felt. It was here that the foundations of the Christian kingdoms of ,  and  were laid and from where the reconquest of the Iberian Peninsula would start. However, no coordinated attempt would be made to drive the  out. The Christian kingdoms were mainly focussed on their own internal power struggles. As a result, the  took the greater part of eight hundred years, in which period a long list of Alfonsos, Sanchos, Ordoños, Ramiros, Fernandos and Bermudos would be fighting their Christian rivals as much as the Muslim invaders.
One of the biggest threats during the Dark Ages were the Vikings,  seafarers who raided, raped, and pillaged across the . Many Vikings died in battles in continental Europe, and in 844 they lost many men and ships to King  in . A few months later, another fleet , only to be driven off with further heavy losses. In 911, the Vikings attacked Paris, and the Franks decided to give the Viking king Rollo land along the English Channel coast in exchange for peace. This land was named "Normandy" for the Norse "Northmen", and the Norse settlers became known as "", adopting the French culture and language and becoming French . In 1066, the Normans went on to  in the first successful cross-Channel invasion since Roman times.
During the Dark Ages, the  fell under the control of various tribes. The Germanic and Slav tribes established their domains over Western and Eastern Europe respectively. Eventually the Frankish tribes were united under . In 507, Clovis defeated the  at the , slaying King  and conquering southern  for the Franks. His conquests laid the foundation for the Frankish kingdom. , a Frankish king of the  dynasty who had conquered most of Western Europe, was anointed "" by the Pope in 800. This led in 962 to the founding of the , which eventually became centred in the German principalities of central Europe.
 saw the creation of the first Slavic states and the adoption of  (circa 1000 AD). The powerful  state of  spread its territory all the way south to the Balkans, reaching its largest territorial extent under  and causing a series of armed conflicts with . Further south, the first  emerged in the late 7th and 8th century and adopted : the , the  (later  and ), and the  (later ). To the East, the  expanded from its capital in  to become the largest state in Europe by the 10th century. In 988,  adopted  as the religion of state. Further East,  became an Islamic state in the 10th century, but was eventually absorbed into Russia several centuries later.
The period between the year 1000 and 1300 is known as the , during which the population of Europe experienced significant growth, culminating in the . Economic growth, together with the lack of safety on the mainland trading routes, made possible the development of major commercial routes along the coast of the  and . The growing wealth and independence acquired by some coastal cities gave the  a leading role in the European scene.
The Middle Ages on the mainland were dominated by the two upper echelons of the social structure: the nobility and the clergy.  developed in  in the Early Middle Ages and soon spread throughout Europe. A struggle for influence between the  and the  in England led to the writing of the  and the establishment of a . The primary source of culture in this period came from the . Through monasteries and cathedral schools, the Church was responsible for education in much of Europe.
The  reached the height of its power during the High Middle Ages. An  in 1054 split the former Roman Empire religiously, with the  in the  and the Roman Catholic Church in the former Western Roman Empire. In 1095  called for a  against  occupying  and the . In Europe itself, the Church organised the  against heretics. In the , the  concluded with the , ending over seven centuries of Islamic rule in the south-western peninsula.
In the east a resurgent Byzantine Empire recaptured Crete and Cyprus from the Muslims and reconquered the Balkans. Constantinople was the largest and wealthiest city in Europe from the 9th to the 12th centuries, with a population of approximately 400,000. The Empire was weakened following the defeat at  and was weakened considerably by the , during the . Although it would recover Constantinople in 1261,   when  by the .
In the 11th and 12th centuries, constant incursions by nomadic  tribes, such as the  and the , caused a massive migration of  populations to the safer, heavily forested regions of the north and temporarily halted the expansion of the Rus' state to the south and east. Like many other parts of , these territories were . The invaders, who became known as , were mostly Turkic-speaking peoples under Mongol suzerainty. They established the state of the  with headquarters in Crimea, which later adopted Islam as a religion and ruled over modern-day southern and central Russia for more than three centuries. After the collapse of Mongol dominions, the first Romanian states (principalities) emerged in the 14th century: Moldova and Walachia. Previously, these territories were under the successive control of Pechenegs and Cumans. From the 12th to the 15th centuries, the  grew from a small principality under Mongol rule to the largest state in Europe, overthrowing the Mongols in 1480 and eventually becoming the . The state was consolidated under  and , steadily expanding to the east and south over the next centuries.
In the early 13th century,  became a duchy ruled by a French knight of the Crusades, whose successor hired  mercenaries to fight against a rival state, only to be deposed by them in 1311. Though its core was a light-armed infantry not very superior in equipment to the legions of , the  of the  met and defeated armies of , ,  mountain folk,  archers and cavalry, , , and Asiatic , and a representative array of  chivalry. In doing so they captured large amounts of land, dominating and ruling most of Greece throughout much of the 14th century.
The  was the first  that would strike Europe in the late Middle Ages. The period between 1348 and 1420 witnessed the heaviest loss. The population of  was reduced by half. Medieval Britain was afflicted by 95 famines, and France suffered the effects of 75 or more in the same period. Europe was devastated in the mid-14th century by the , one of the most deadly  in human history which killed an estimated 25 million people in Europe alone—a third of the  at the time.
The plague had a devastating effect on Europe's social structure; it induced people to live for the moment as illustrated by  in  (1353). It was a serious blow to the Roman Catholic Church and led to increased , , and . The plague is thought to have returned every generation with varying  and mortalities until the 18th century. During this period, more than 100 plague  swept across Europe.
The Renaissance was a period of cultural change originating in  and later spreading to the rest of Europe. The rise of a  was accompanied by the recovery of forgotten  and Arabic knowledge from  libraries, often translated from Arabic into . The Renaissance spread across Europe between the 14th and 16th centuries: it saw the flowering of , , , and the , under the joint patronage of , the nobility, the , and an emerging merchant class. Patrons in Italy, including the  family of Florentine bankers and the  in , funded prolific  and  artists such as , , and .
Political intrigue within the Church in the mid-14th century caused the . During this forty-year period, two popes—one in  and one in Rome—claimed rulership over the Church. Although the schism was eventually healed in 1417, the papacy's spiritual authority had suffered greatly. In the 15th century, Europe started to extend itself beyond its geographic frontiers. Spain and Portugal, the greatest naval powers of the time, took the lead in exploring the world. Exploration reached the  in the Atlantic and the Southern tip of Africa.  reached the  in 1492, and  opened the ocean route to the  linking the Atlantic and  in 1498.  reached Asia westward across the Atlantic and the  in the Spanish expedition of Magellan-Elcano, resulting in the first , completed by  (1519–1522). Soon after, the Spanish and Portuguese began establishing large global empires in the , ,  and . France, the Netherlands and England soon followed in building large colonial empires with vast holdings in Africa, the Americas, and Asia. The  (1494–1559) led to the development of the first modern professional army in Europe, the . Their superiority became evident at the  (1522) against French-Swiss-Italian forces, which marked the end of massive pike assaults after thousands of Swiss pikemen fell to the Spanish  without the latter suffering a single casualty. Over the course of the 16th century, Spanish and Italian troops  to fight on Dutch and German battlefields, dying there in large numbers.
The Church's power was further weakened by the  in 1517 when German theologian  nailed his  criticising the selling of indulgences to the church door. He was subsequently excommunicated in the papal bull  in 1520, and his followers were condemned in the 1521 , which divided German princes between  and Roman Catholic faiths.  spread with Protestantism. War broke out first in , where  Spanish troops defeated the Protestant army of the  at the , putting an end to the  (1546–1547). Between 2 and 3 million people were killed in the  (1562–1598). The  (1568–1648) between Catholic  and   resulted in the death of hundreds of thousands of people. In the  (1583–1588), Spanish and Bavarian forces faced off against German Calvinist and Dutch troops. The  (1618–1648) crippled the Holy Roman Empire and devastated much of Germany, killing between 25 and 40 percent of its population. During the Thirty Years' War, in which various Protestant forces battled Imperial armies, France provided subsidies to Habsburg enemies, especially . The destruction of the Swedish army by Spanish tercios at the  forced France to intervene militarily in the Thirty Years' War. In 1638, France and  agreed to a treaty at Hamburg, extending the annual French subsidy of 400,000 riksdalers for three years, but Sweden would not fight against Spain. In 1643, the French defeated one of Spain's best armies at the . In the aftermath of the , France rose to predominance within Europe. France fought a series of wars over domination of Western Europe, including the , the , the , and the ; these wars cost France over a million battle casualties.
The 17th century in central and eastern Europe was a period of general . Central and Eastern Europe experienced more than 150 famines in a 200-year period between 1501 and 1700. From the  (1385) central and eastern Europe was dominated by  and . Between 1648 and 1655 in the central and eastern Europe ended hegemony of the . From the 15th to 18th centuries, when the disintegrating khanates of the  were conquered by Russia,  from the  frequently  Eastern Slavic lands to capture slaves. Further east, the  and  frequently raided the Slavic-speaking areas of Russia, Ukraine and Poland for hundreds of years, until the Russian expansion and conquest of most of northern Eurasia (i.e. Eastern Europe, Central Asia and Siberia).
The Renaissance and the  marked the start of an Age of Discovery, a period of exploration, invention, and scientific development. Among the great figures of the Western  of the 16th and 17th centuries were , , , and . According to Peter Barrett, "It is widely accepted that 'modern science' arose in the Europe of the 17th century (towards the end of the Renaissance), introducing a new understanding of the natural world."
The Age of Enlightenment was a powerful intellectual movement during the 18th century promoting scientific and reason-based thoughts. Discontent with the aristocracy and clergy's monopoly on political power in France resulted in the French Revolution and the establishment of the  as a result of which the monarchy and many of the nobility perished during the initial .  rose to power in the aftermath of the French Revolution and established the  that, during the , grew to encompass large parts of Europe before collapsing in 1815 with the .  resulted in the further dissemination of the ideals of the French Revolution, including that of the , as well as the widespread adoption of the French models of , , and . The , convened after Napoleon's downfall, established a new  in Europe centred on the five "": the UK, France, , , and Russia. This balance would remain in place until the , during which liberal uprisings affected all of Europe except for Russia and the UK. These revolutions were eventually put down by conservative elements and few reforms resulted. The year 1859 saw the unification of Romania, as a nation-state, from smaller principalities. In 1867, the  was ; and 1871 saw the unifications of both  and  as  from smaller principalities.
In parallel, the  grew more complex ever since the Ottoman defeat in the . As the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire seemed imminent, the  struggled to safeguard their strategic and commercial interests in the Ottoman domains. The  stood to benefit from the decline, whereas the  and  perceived the preservation of the Ottoman Empire to be in their best interests. Meanwhile, the  (1804) and  (1821) marked the beginning of the end of Ottoman rule in the , which ended with the  in 1912–1913. Formal recognition of the  independent principalities of ,  and  ensued at the  in 1878. Many Ottoman Muslims faced either extermination at the hands of the newly independent states, or were expelled to the shrinking Ottoman possessions in Europe or to Anatolia; between 1821 and 1922 alone, more than 5 million Ottoman Muslims were driven away from their homes, while another 5.5 million died in wars or due to starvation and disease.
The  started in  in the last part of the 18th century and spread throughout Europe. The invention and implementation of new technologies resulted in rapid urban growth, mass employment, and the rise of a new working class. Reforms in social and economic spheres followed, including the  on , the legalisation of , and the . In Britain, the  was passed, which significantly improved living conditions in many British cities. Europe's population increased from about 100 million in 1700 to 400 million by 1900. The last major famine recorded in Western Europe, the , caused death and mass emigration of millions of Irish people. In the 19th century, 70 million people left Europe in migrations to various European colonies abroad and to the United States. Demographic growth meant that, by 1900, Europe's share of the world's population was 25%.
Two world wars and an economic depression dominated the first half of the 20th century. World War I was fought between 1914 and 1918. It started when  was assassinated by the  . Most European nations were drawn into the war, which was fought between the  (, , , Portugal, , the United Kingdom, and later , , , and the United States) and the  (, , , and the ). The war left more than 16 million civilians and military dead. Over 60 million European soldiers were mobilised from 1914 to 1918.
Russia was plunged into the , which threw down the  and replaced it with the  .  and the Ottoman Empire collapsed and broke up into separate nations, and many other nations had their borders redrawn. The , which officially ended World War I in 1919, was harsh towards Germany, upon whom it placed full responsibility for the war and imposed heavy sanctions.
Excess deaths in Russia over the course of World War I and the  (including the postwar ) amounted to a combined total of 18 million. In 1932–1933, under 's leadership, confiscations of grain by the Soviet authorities contributed to the  which caused millions of deaths; surviving  were persecuted and many sent to  to do . Stalin was also responsible for the  of 1937–38 in which the  executed 681,692 people; millions of people were  to remote areas of the Soviet Union.
The  sweeping through Russia also affected other European nations following : in 1919, with the  in Germany, and the ; in 1922, with 's one party  government in the , and in 's , adopting the Western alphabet, and state .
Economic instability, caused in part by debts incurred in the First World War and 'loans' to Germany played havoc in Europe in the late 1920s and 1930s. This and the  brought about the worldwide . Helped by the economic crisis, social instability and the threat of communism,  developed throughout Europe placing  in power of what became .
In 1933, Hitler became the leader of Germany and began to work towards his goal of building Greater Germany. Germany re-expanded and took back the  and  in 1935 and 1936. In 1938,  became a part of Germany following the . Later that year, following the  signed by Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Italy, Germany annexed the , which was a part of  inhabited by ethnic Germans, and in early 1939, the remainder of Czechoslovakia was split into the , controlled by Germany, and the . At the time, Britain and France preferred a policy of .
With tensions mounting between Germany and  over the future of , the Germans turned to the Soviets, and signed the , which allowed the Soviets to invade the Baltic states and parts of Poland and Romania. Germany  on 1 September 1939, prompting France and the United Kingdom to declare war on Germany on 3 September, opening the . The  started on 17 September and Poland fell soon thereafter. On 24 September, the Soviet Union attacked the  and later, Finland. The British hoped to land at  and send troops to aid Finland, but their primary objective in the landing was to encircle Germany and cut the Germans off from Scandinavian resources. Around the same time, Germany moved troops into Denmark. German forces  in one day. The  continued.
In May 1940, Germany  through the Low Countries. France capitulated in June 1940. By August Germany began a , but failed to convince the Britons to give up. Much of London was destroyed, with 1,400,245 buildings destroyed or damaged in . In 1941, Germany invaded the Soviet Union in . On 7 December 1941 's  drew the United States into the conflict as allies of the  and other  forces.
After the staggering  in 1943, the German offensive in the Soviet Union turned into a continual fallback. The , which involved the largest  in history, was the last major German offensive on the . In June 1944, British and American forces invaded France in the , the largest seaborne invasion in history. In a bid to soften up German forces, 1,570 French cities and towns were  between June 1940 and May 1945, killing 68,778 civilians. Berlin finally , ending World War II in Europe. The war was the largest and most destructive in human history, with . More than 40 million people in Europe had died as a result of World War II, including between 11 and 17 million people who perished during . The Soviet Union  (mostly civilians) during the war, about half of all World War II casualties. By the end of World War II, Europe had more than 40 million . Several  in Central and Eastern Europe displaced a total of about 20 million people,  in particular, .
World War I and especially World War II diminished the eminence of Western Europe in world affairs. After World War II the map of Europe was redrawn at the  and divided into two blocs, the Western countries and the communist Eastern bloc, separated by what was later called by  an "". The United States and Western Europe
established the  alliance and later the Soviet Union and Central Europe established the .
The two new , the United States and the Soviet Union, became locked in a fifty-year-long Cold War, centred on . At the same time , which had already started after World War I, gradually resulted in the independence of most of the European colonies in Asia and Africa. In the 1980s the  of  and the  movement in Poland accelerated the collapse of the Eastern bloc and the end of the Cold War. Germany was reunited, after the symbolic  in 1989, and the maps of Central and Eastern Europe were redrawn once more.
 also grew after World War II. In 1949 the  was founded, following a speech by Sir , with the idea of unifying Europe to achieve common goals. It includes all European states except for  and . The  in 1957 established the  between six Western European states with the goal of a unified economic policy and common market. In 1967 the EEC,  and  formed the , which in 1993 became the . The EU established a ,  and  and introduced the  as a unified currency. Between 2004 and 2013, more Central and Eastern European countries began joining,  to its current size of 28 European countries, and once more making Europe a major economical and political centre of power. However, in June 2016 the people of the United Kingdom, in a  on EU membership voted to .
Europe makes up the western fifth of the  landmass. It has a higher ratio of coast to landmass than any other continent or subcontinent. Its maritime borders consist of the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean, Black, and Caspian Seas to the south.
Land relief in Europe shows great variation within relatively small areas. The southern regions are more mountainous, while moving north the terrain descends from the high , , and , through hilly uplands, into broad, low northern plains, which are vast in the east. This extended lowland is known as the , and at its heart lies the . An arc of uplands also exists along the north-western seaboard, which begins in the western parts of the islands of Britain and Ireland, and then continues along the mountainous, fjord-cut spine of Norway.
This description is simplified. Sub-regions such as the  and the  contain their own complex features, as does mainland Central Europe itself, where the relief contains many plateaus, river valleys and basins that complicate the general trend. Sub-regions like , Britain, and Ireland are special cases. The former is a land unto itself in the northern ocean which is counted as part of Europe, while the latter are upland areas that were once joined to the mainland until rising sea levels cut them off.
Europe lies mainly in the  climate zones, being subjected to . The climate is milder in comparison to other areas of the same latitude around the globe due to the influence of the . The Gulf Stream is nicknamed "Europe's central heating", because it makes Europe's climate warmer and wetter than it would otherwise be. The Gulf Stream not only carries warm water to Europe's coast but also warms up the prevailing westerly winds that blow across the continent from the Atlantic Ocean.
Therefore, the average temperature throughout the year of Naples is 16 °C (61 °F), while it is only 12 °C (54 °F) in New York City which is almost on the same latitude. Berlin, Germany; Calgary, Canada; and Irkutsk, in the Asian part of Russia, lie on around the same latitude; January temperatures in Berlin average around 8 °C (14 °F) higher than those in Calgary, and they are almost 22 °C (40 °F) higher than average temperatures in Irkutsk. Similarly, northern parts of Scotland have a temperate marine climate. The yearly average temperature in city of Inverness is 9.05 °C (48.29 °F). However, Churchill, Manitoba, Canada, is on roughly the same latitude and has an average temperature of −6.5 °C (20.3 °F), giving it a nearly subarctic climate.
In general, Europe is not just colder towards the north compared to the south, but it also gets colder from the west towards the east. The climate is more oceanic in the west, and less so in the east. This can be illustrated by the following table of average temperatures at locations roughly following the 60th, 55th, 50th, 45th and 40th . None of them is located at high altitude; most of them are close to the sea. (location, approximate latitude and longitude, coldest month average, hottest month average and annual average temperatures in degrees C)

It is notable how the average temperatures for the coldest month, as well as the annual average temperatures, drop from the west to the east. For instance, Edinburgh is warmer than Belgrade during the coldest month of the year, although Belgrade is around 10° of latitude farther south.
The geological history of Europe traces back to the formation of the  (Fennoscandia) and the , both around 2.25 billion years ago, followed by the  shield, the three together leading to the  (≈ ) which became a part of the  . Around 1.1 billion years ago, Baltica and Arctica (as part of the  block) became joined to , later resplitting around 550 million years ago to reform as Baltica. Around 440 million years ago  was formed from Baltica and Laurentia; a further joining with  then leading to the formation of . Around 190 million years ago, Gondwana and  split apart due to the widening of the Atlantic Ocean. Finally, and very soon afterwards, Laurasia itself split up again, into Laurentia (North America) and the Eurasian continent. The land connection between the two persisted for a considerable time, via , leading to interchange of animal species. From around 50 million years ago, rising and falling sea levels have determined the actual shape of Europe, and its connections with continents such as Asia. Europe's present shape dates to the late  about five million years ago.
The geology of Europe is hugely varied and complex, and gives rise to the wide variety of landscapes found across the continent, from the  to the rolling  of Hungary. Europe's most significant feature is the dichotomy between highland and mountainous  and a vast, partially underwater, northern plain ranging from Ireland in the west to the  in the east. These two halves are separated by the mountain chains of the  and /. The northern plains are delimited in the west by the  and the mountainous parts of the British Isles. Major shallow water bodies submerging parts of the northern plains are the , the , the  complex and .
The northern plain contains the old geological continent of , and so may be regarded geologically as the "main continent", while peripheral highlands and mountainous regions in the south and west constitute fragments from various other geological continents. Most of the older geology of western Europe existed as part of the ancient  .
Having lived side-by-side with agricultural peoples for millennia, Europe's animals and plants have been profoundly affected by the presence and activities of man. With the exception of  and northern Russia, few areas of untouched wilderness are currently found in Europe, except for various .
The main natural vegetation cover in Europe is mixed . The conditions for growth are very favourable. In the north, the  and  warm the continent. Southern Europe could be described as having a warm, but mild climate. There are frequent summer droughts in this region. Mountain ridges also affect the conditions. Some of these (, ) are oriented east–west and allow the wind to carry large masses of water from the ocean in the interior. Others are oriented south–north (, , , ) and because the rain falls primarily on the side of mountains that is oriented towards the sea, forests grow well on this side, while on the other side, the conditions are much less favourable. Few corners of mainland Europe have not been grazed by  at some point in time, and the cutting down of the pre-agricultural forest habitat caused disruption to the original plant and animal ecosystems.
Probably 80 to 90 percent of Europe was once covered by forest. It stretched from the Mediterranean Sea to the Arctic Ocean. Although over half of Europe's original forests disappeared through the centuries of , Europe still has over one quarter of its land area as forest, such as the  forests,  of Scandinavia and Russia, mixed  of the Caucasus and the  forests in the western Mediterranean. During recent times, deforestation has been slowed and many trees have been planted. However, in many cases monoculture  of  have replaced the original mixed natural forest, because these grow quicker. The plantations now cover vast areas of land, but offer poorer habitats for many European forest dwelling species which require a mixture of tree species and diverse forest structure. The amount of natural forest in Western Europe is just 2–3% or less, in European Russia 5–10%. The country with the smallest percentage of forested area is  (1%), while the most forested country is Finland (77%).
In temperate Europe, mixed forest with both  and coniferous trees dominate. The most important species in central and western Europe are  and . In the north, the taiga is a mixed –– forest; further north within Russia and extreme northern Scandinavia, the taiga gives way to  as the Arctic is approached. In the Mediterranean, many  trees have been planted, which are very well adapted to its arid climate;  is also widely planted in southern Europe. The semi-arid Mediterranean region hosts much scrub forest. A narrow east–west tongue of Eurasian  (the ) extends eastwards from  and southern Russia and ends in Hungary and traverses into taiga to the north.
Glaciation during the  and the presence of man affected the distribution of . As for the animals, in many parts of Europe most large animals and top  species have been hunted to extinction. The  was extinct before the end of the  period. Today  () and  () are endangered. Once they were found in most parts of Europe. However, deforestation and hunting caused these animals to withdraw further and further. By the  the bears' habitats were limited to more or less inaccessible mountains with sufficient forest cover. Today, the  lives primarily in the , Scandinavia, and Russia; a small number also persist in other countries across Europe (Austria, Pyrenees etc.), but in these areas brown bear populations are fragmented and marginalised because of the destruction of their habitat. In addition,  may be found on , a Norwegian archipelago far north of Scandinavia. The , the second largest predator in Europe after the brown bear, can be found primarily in  and in the Balkans, with a handful of packs in pockets of  (Scandinavia, Spain, etc.).
European wild cat, foxes (especially the red fox), jackal and different species of martens, hedgehogs, different species of reptiles (like snakes such as vipers and grass snakes) and amphibians, different birds (owls, hawks and other birds of prey).
Important European herbivores are snails, larvae, fish, different birds, and mammals, like rodents, deer and roe deer, boars, and living in the mountains, marmots, steinbocks, chamois among others. A number of insects, such as the  butterfly, add to the biodiversity.
The extinction of the  and  has been linked to the earliest arrival of humans on the islands of the .
Sea creatures are also an important part of European flora and fauna. The sea flora is mainly . Important animals that live in European seas are , , , different ,  and , fish, , and .
Biodiversity is protected in Europe through the Council of Europe's , which has also been signed by the  as well as non-European states.

The political map of Europe is substantially derived from the re-organisation of Europe following the  in 1815. The prevalent form of government in Europe is , in most cases in the form of ; in 1815, the prevalent form of government was still the . Europe's remaining eleven monarchies are .
 is the process of political, legal, economic (and in some cases social and cultural) integration of European states as it has been pursued by the powers sponsoring the  since the end of 
The  has been the focus of economic integration on the continent since its foundation in 1993. More recently, the  has been established as a counterpart comprising former Soviet states.
27 European states are members of the politico-economic European Union, 26 of the border-free  and 19 of the monetary union . Among the smaller European organisations are the , the , the  and the .
The list below includes all entities falling even partially under any of the , geographic or political.
Within the above-mentioned states are several  independent countries with . None of them are members of the UN:
Several dependencies and similar territories with broad autonomy are also found within or in close proximity to Europe. This includes Åland (a ), two constituent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark (other than Denmark itself), three , and two . Svalbard is also included due to its unique status within Norway, although it is not autonomous. Not included are the three  with devolved powers and the two , which despite having a unique degree of autonomy, are not largely self-governing in matters other than international affairs. Areas with little more than a unique tax status, such as  and the , are also not included for this reason.
As a continent, the economy of Europe is currently the largest on Earth and it is the richest region as measured by assets under management with over $32.7 trillion compared to North America's $27.1 trillion in 2008. In 2009 Europe remained the wealthiest region. Its $37.1 trillion in assets under management represented one-third of the world's wealth. It was one of several regions where wealth surpassed its precrisis year-end peak. As with other continents, Europe has a large variation of wealth among its countries. The richer states tend to be in the ; some of the  economies are still emerging from the  and the .
The European Union, a political entity composed of 28 European states, comprises the  in the world. 19 EU  share the  as a common currency.
Five European countries rank in the top ten of the world's largest . This includes (ranks according to the ): Germany (5), the UK (6), Russia (7), France (8), and Italy (10).
There is huge disparity between many European countries in terms of their income. The richest in terms of GDP per capita is Monaco with its US$172,676 per capita (2009) and the poorest is  with its GDP per capita of US$1,631 (2010).  is the richest country in terms of GDP per capita in the world according to the World Bank report.
As a whole, Europe's GDP per capita is US$21,767 according to a 2016 International Monetary Fund assessment.
Capitalism has been dominant in the Western world since the end of feudalism. From Britain, it gradually spread throughout Europe. The  started in Europe, specifically the United Kingdom in the late 18th century, and the 19th century saw Western Europe industrialise. Economies were disrupted by World War I but by the beginning of World War II they had recovered and were having to compete with the growing economic strength of the United States. World War II, again, damaged much of Europe's industries.
After World War II the economy of the UK was in a state of ruin, and continued to suffer relative economic decline in the following decades. Italy was also in a poor economic condition but regained a high level of growth by the 1950s. West Germany  and had doubled production from pre-war levels by the 1950s. France also staged a remarkable comeback enjoying rapid growth and modernisation; later on Spain, under the leadership of , also recovered, and the nation recorded huge unprecedented economic growth beginning in the 1960s in what is called the . The majority of  states came under the control of the  and thus were members of the  (COMECON).
The states which retained a  system were given a large amount of aid by the United States under the . The western states moved to link their economies together, providing the basis for the EU and increasing cross border trade. This helped them to enjoy rapidly improving economies, while those states in COMECON were struggling in a large part due to the cost of the . Until 1990, the  was expanded from 6 founding members to 12. The emphasis placed on resurrecting the West German economy led to it overtaking the UK as Europe's largest economy.
With the fall of communism in Central and Eastern Europe in 1991, the post-socialist states began free market reforms.
After  and West Germany were reunited in 1990, the economy of West Germany struggled as it had to support and largely rebuild the infrastructure of East Germany.
By the millennium change, the EU dominated the economy of Europe comprising the five largest European economies of the time namely Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, and Spain. In 1999, 12 of the 15 members of the EU joined the  replacing their former national currencies by the common euro. The three who chose to remain outside the Eurozone were: the United Kingdom, Denmark, and Sweden. The European Union is now the largest economy in the world.
Figures released by  in 2009 confirmed that the Eurozone had gone into  in 2008. It impacted much of the region. In 2010, fears of a  developed concerning some countries in Europe, especially Greece, Ireland, Spain, and Portugal. As a result, measures were taken, especially for Greece, by the leading countries of the Eurozone. The  unemployment rate was 10.3% in 2012. For those aged 15–24 it was 22.4%.
In 2017, the population of Europe was estimated to be 742 million according to the 2019 revision of the World Population Prospects, which is slightly more than one-ninth of the world's population. This number includes Asian Russia (Siberia, about 36 million people) but excludes the European part of Turkey, Cyprus and the Transcaucasian countries.
A century ago, Europe had nearly a quarter of the . The population of Europe has grown in the past century, but in other areas of the world (in particular Africa and Asia) the population has grown far more quickly. Among the continents, Europe has a relatively high , second only to Asia. Most of Europe is in a mode of , which means that each new(-born) generation is being less populous than the older.
The most densely populated country in Europe (and in the world) is the  of .
Pan and Pfeil (2004) count 87 distinct "peoples of Europe", of which 33 form the majority population in at least one sovereign state, while the remaining 54 constitute .
According to UN population projection, Europe's population may fall to about 7% of world population by 2050, or 653 million people (medium variant, 556 to 777 million in low and high variants, respectively). Within this context, significant disparities exist between regions in relation to . The average number of  of child-bearing age is 1.52. According to some sources, this rate is higher among . The UN predicts a steady  in  as a result of emigration and low birth rates.
Europe is home to the highest number of migrants of all global regions at 70.6 million people, the 's report said. In 2005, the EU had an overall net gain from  of 1.8 million people. This accounted for almost 85% of Europe's total . In 2008, 696,000 persons were given citizenship of an EU27 member state, a decrease from 707,000 the previous year. In 2017, approximately 825,000 persons acquired  of an EU28 member state. 2.4 million immigrants from non-EU countries entered the EU in 2017.
Early modern  began with Spanish and Portuguese settlers in the 16th century, and French and English settlers in the 17th century. But numbers remained relatively small until waves of mass emigration in the 19th century, when millions of poor families left Europe.
Today,  are found on every continent. European ancestry predominates in North America, and to a lesser degree in South America (particularly in , ,  and , while most of the other  countries also have a considerable ).  and  have large European derived populations. Africa has no countries with European-derived majorities (or with the exception of  and probably , depending on context), but there are significant minorities, such as the . In Asia, European-derived populations predominate in  (specifically ) and some parts of Northern .
Europe has about 225 indigenous languages, mostly falling within three  language groups: the , derived from the  of the ; the , whose ancestor language came from southern Scandinavia; and the . Slavic languages are mostly spoken in Central, Eastern, and Southeastern Europe. Romance languages are spoken primarily in Western and Southern Europe as well as in  and  in Eastern Europe. Germanic languages are spoken in Western and Northern Europe and parts of Central Europe. Languages in adjacent areas show significant overlaps (such as in , for example).  Other Indo-European languages outside the three main groups include the  group ( and ), the  group (, , , , , and ), , , and .
A distinct non-Indo-European family of  (, , , , , , , and ) is spoken mainly in , , , and parts of Russia.  include ,  and , in addition to smaller languages in Eastern and Southeast Europe (, , , , , , , and ).  (, , and ) are spoken primarily in . Two other language families reside in the North Caucasus (termed , most notably including , , and ; and , most notably including ).  is the only  that is official within the EU, while  is the only European .
Multilingualism and the protection of regional and minority languages are recognised political goals in Europe today. The   and the Council of Europe's  set up a legal framework for language rights in Europe.
The four  are , ,  and , each have over 10 million residents, and as such have been described as . While Istanbul has the highest total population, one third lies on the Asian side of the , making Moscow the most populous city entirely in Europe.
The next largest cities in order of population are , ,  and , each having over 3 million residents.
When considering the commuter belts or , within the EU (for which comparable data is available) London covers the largest population, followed in order by Paris, Madrid, Barcelona, Berlin, the , Rome, Milan, Athens and .
"Europe" as a cultural concept is substantially derived from the shared heritage of the  and .
The boundaries of Europe were historically understood as those of  (or more specifically ), as established or defended throughout the medieval and early modern history of Europe, especially , as in the  and the .
This shared cultural heritage is combined by overlapping indigenous national cultures and folklores, roughly divided into ,  and , but with several components not part of either of these group (notably  and ).
Cultural contact and mixtures characterise much of European regional cultures; Kaplan (2014) describes Europe as "embracing maximum cultural diversity at minimal geographical distances".
, religion in Europe has been a major influence on , ,  and . There are six patron saints of Europe venerated in Roman Catholicism, five of them so declared by Pope John Paul II between 1980–1999: Saints Cyril and Methodius, Saint Bridget of Sweden, Catherine of Siena and Saint Teresa Benedicta of the Cross (Edith Stein). The exception is Benedict of Nursia, who had already been declared "Patron Saint of all Europe" by Pope Paul VI in 1964.
The largest religion in Europe is , with 76.2% of Europeans considering themselves , including ,  and various  denominations. Among Protestants, the most popular are historically state-supported European denominations such as ,  and the . Other Protestant denominations such as historically significant ones like  were never supported by any state and thus are not so widespread, as well as these newly arriving from the  such as , , ,  and various ; although Methodism and Baptists both have European origins. The notion of "Europe" and the "" has been intimately connected with the concept of ""; many even attribute Christianity for being the link that created a unified .
, including the Roman , has played a prominent role in the shaping of  since at least the 4th century, and for at least a millennium and a half, Europe has been nearly equivalent to , even though the religion was inherited from the .  was the predominant force in , guiding the course of , , and .
The second most popular religion is  (6%) concentrated mainly in the Balkans and eastern Europe (, , , , , , , , and the ). Other religions, including Judaism, , and  are minority religions (though Tibetan Buddhism is the majority religion of Russia's ). The 20th century saw the revival of  through movements such as  and .
Europe has become a relatively  continent, with an increasing number and proportion of ,  and  people, who make up about 18.2% of Europe's population, currently the largest secular population in the . There are a particularly high number of self-described non-religious people in the Czech Republic, , Sweden, former East Germany, and France.
 
 
 














	
	
	



	
	
	
		From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
		
		
		
		
		
		
		This article is about the continent. For other uses, see .

Continent









Further information: 
  Statue representing Europa at , in , 
  First  according to  (6th century BC)


Further information:  and 
























































































  A medieval  printed by  in 1472, showing the three continents as domains of the sons of  — Asia to Sem (), Europe to Iafeth (), and Africa to Cham ()



  Depiction of  ('Queen Europe') in 1582.
   (1721) by Hermann Moll draws the eastern boundary of Europe along the Don River flowing southwest, and the Tobol, Irtysh, and Ob Rivers flowing north  1916 political map of Europe showing most of Moll's waterways replaced by von Strahlenberg's Ural Mountains and Freshfield's Caucasus Crest, land features of a type that normally defines a subcontinent
Further information:  and 


Main article: 

Main article: 
  Paleolithic cave paintings from  in  (c 15,000 BC)

   in the  (Late Neolithic from 3000–2000 BC).


Main article: 
See also:  and 
  The  in  (432 BC)

  In 500 BC,  was a small  on the . By 200 BC, Rome had conquered , and over the following two centuries it conquered  and  ( and ), the  coast, much of the ,  ( and ), and  ( and ). The forty-year  left 250,000 Britons dead, and emperor  built the  across Scotland's  to defend the province from the ; it marked the northernmost  of the Roman Empire.


Main articles:  and 
See also:  and 
Europe c. 650 in 814: , 


Main articles: , , and 
See also: 

   and , during the  (1189–1192)

  The sacking of  by  in 1238, during the .


Main article: 
See also: , , , and 
   by  (1511): Contemporaries such as  and  (centre) are portrayed as classical scholars of the .

  In the  realm, Spain was a dominant power in a union encompassing present-day , , the ,  and much of . Spain's principal military base in Europe was the .


Main article: 
See also: , , and 
  's retreat from Russia in 1812

  Marshall's  (1840), the  started in 


Main articles:  and 
See also: , , , , , and 
  Map of European  throughout the world in 1914. France's annexation of Algeria cost the lives of 15,000 Frenchmen and 285,000 Algerians. During the  between the Sultanate of Aceh and the Kingdom of the Netherlands, 60,000–70,000 Indonesians were killed. In , the  killed 75,000–145,000 Africans. The Portuguese conquest of Mozambique resulted in over 100,000 deaths among Portugal's adversaries and the indigenous populations. The  by Italy at two separate points in time decimated the population, killing 17,000 in 1896 and another 275,000 from the opposing forces in 1936. The number killed by Britain's colonisations is unknown.

  Map depicting the military alliances of  in 1914–1918

   (1914–1918) cost the country one quarter of its population.

  , September 1943

  The "" at the  in 1945; seated (from the left): , , and 

  The  led to the creation of the . It began the  of the  ( 1950, at the ).

  , adopted by the  in 1955 as the flag for the whole of Europe.


Main article: 
  Relief map of Europe and surrounding regions


Main article: 
   map for Europe.
   of Europe and surrounding regions:          




Main articles:  and 
   in  is the highest mountain in Europe.

  Europa Point as seen from the .



  Land use map of Europe with arable farmland (yellow), forest (dark green), pasture (light green), and tundra or bogs in the north (dark yellow)

  Floristic regions of Europe and neighbouring areas, according to Wolfgang Frey and Rainer Lösch


Main article: 
   of Europe and bordering regions

  Once roaming the great temperate forests of Eurasia,  now live in nature preserves in , on the border between  and .


Main article: 
See also: , , , and 
  A clickable  showing the relationships between various multinational European organisations and agreements.


Main articles:  and 
It has been suggested that this section be  out  into another article titled . () 







  European and bordering nations by  (PPP) per capita
Main articles: , , and 








  Fall of the  in 1989.


   (blue colour)


Main article: 
See also:  and 
   in and around Europe in 2010


Main article: 
Further information: 


Main articles:  and 
  Map showing areas of European settlement


Main article: 
  Distribution of major 




  Contemporary political map of Europe showing cultural proximities
  , 1876, by Pierre-Auguste Renoir
Main article: 
Further information:  and 



Main article: 

   in , the largest church in the world


Main articles:  and 


 












at Wikipedia's 




 

































Special areas ofinternal sovereignty



















 and 














 of the 



































's primary  and Regions of 












Regions of 













Regions of 












Regions of 
































Regions of 
























Regions of 










's 




's  and 

























		Retrieved from ""
		: Hidden categories: 
		
		
	

	

    
    
        

	
	


        
            
	
	


	
	
	


        
        
            
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
			
			
			
			
		


        
    
    
        
            
        
        

	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	


    

	
	
	
	
