https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italia



– in  (light green & dark grey)– in the  (light green)  –  [] (:   ), officially the  (Italian:  ),  is a  consisting of a  delimited by the  and surrounded by . Italy is located in , and it is also considered a part of . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km (116,350 sq mi) and shares  with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, and the  microstates of  and . Italy has a territorial  in Switzerland () and a maritime exclave in the  (). With around 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the .
Due to its central geographic location in  and , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures. In addition to the  dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy, the most predominant being the   who gave the peninsula its name, beginning from the  era,  and  founded colonies mostly in ,  established settlements in the so-called  of , while  and  inhabited  and  Italy respectively. An Italic tribe known as the  formed the  in the 8th century BC, which eventually became a  with a government of the . The Roman Republic initially  and  its neighbours on the Italian peninsula, eventually  parts of ,  and  . By the first century BC, the  emerged as the dominant power in the  and became a  , inaugurating the , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy's , , , , and  developed. Italy remained the  of the Romans and the  of the empire, whose  can also be observed in the global distribution of culture, governments,  and the .
During the , Italy endured  and , but by the 11th century, numerous rival  and , mainly in the northern and central regions of Italy, rose to great prosperity through trade, commerce and banking, laying the groundwork for modern . These mostly independent statelets served as Europe's main trading hubs with Asia and the Near East, often enjoying a greater degree of democracy than the larger  monarchies that were consolidating throughout Europe; however, part of central Italy was under the control of the  , while  remained largely feudal until the 19th century, partially as a result of a succession of , , , ,  and other foreign conquests of the region. The  began in Italy and spread to the rest of Europe, bringing a renewed interest in , ,  and . Italian culture flourished, producing famous scholars, artists and . During the Middle Ages, Italian explorers discovered new routes to the  and the , helping to usher in the European . Nevertheless, Italy's commercial and political power significantly waned with the opening of trade routes that bypassed the Mediterranean. Centuries of rivalry and infighting between the Italian city-states, such as the  of the 15th and 16th centuries, left Italy fragmented and several Italian states were conquered and further divided by multiple European powers over the centuries.
By the mid-19th century, rising  and calls for independence from foreign control led to a period of revolutionary political upheaval. After centuries of foreign domination and political division,  in 1861, establishing the  as a . From the late 19th century to the early 20th century, Italy rapidly industrialised, namely in the north, and acquired a , while  remained largely impoverished and , fuelling a large and influential . Despite being one of the  in , Italy entered a period of economic crisis and social turmoil, leading to the rise of a  dictatorship in 1922. Participation in  on the  side ended in military defeat, economic destruction and the . Following the  and the rise of the , the country abolished the , established a democratic Republic and enjoyed a prolonged , becoming a highly .
Today, Italy is considered to be one of the world's most culturally and economically advanced countries, with the world's  by nominal GDP (third in the ), sixth-largest  and third-largest central bank . It ranks very highly in , quality of life, , and education. The country plays a prominent role in regional and global economic, military, cultural and diplomatic affairs; it is both a  and a , and is ranked the world's . Italy is a  and  member of the  and a member of numerous international institutions, including the , , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , , the  and . The country has long been a global centre of , , , , , and , and has greatly influenced and contributed to diverse fields including , , , jurisprudence, banking and business. As a reflection of its  wealth, Italy is home to the world's  of  (), and is the .

Hypotheses for the etymology of the name "Italia" are numerous. One is that it was borrowed via  from the   'land of calves' (   "calf",   "calf"). Greek historian  states this account together with the legend that Italy was named after , mentioned also by  and .
According to , the term Italy was used by the Greeks to initially refer only to the southern portion of the Bruttium peninsula corresponding to the modern province of  and part of the provinces of  and  in . Nevertheless, by his time the larger concept of  and "Italy" had become synonymous and the name also applied to most of  as well. According to 's , before the expansion of the , the name was used by Greeks to indicate the land between the  and the line connecting the  and , corresponding roughly to the current region of . The Greeks gradually came to apply the name "Italia" to a larger region In addition to the "Greek Italy" in the south, historians have suggested the existence of an "Etruscan Italy" covering variable areas of central Italy.
The borders of Roman Italy, , are better established. Cato's , the first work of  composed in , described Italy as the entire peninsula south of the . According to Cato and several Roman authors, the Alps formed the "walls of Italy". In 264 BC, Roman Italy extended from the  and  rivers of the centre-north to the entire south. The northern area of  was occupied by Rome in the 220s BC and became considered geographically and  part of Italy, but remained politically and  separated. It was legally merged into the administrative unit of Italy in 42 BC by the triumvir  as a ratification of 's unpublished acts (). The islands of Sardinia, Corsica, Sicily and Malta were added to Italy by  in 292 AD.
Thousands of -era artifacts have been recovered from  and dated to around 850,000 years before the present, making them the oldest evidence of first hominins habitation in the peninsula.
Excavations throughout Italy revealed a  presence dating back to the Palaeolithic period some 200,000 years ago, while  appeared about 40,000 years ago at . Archaeological sites from this period include , , , and .
The  of pre-Roman Italy – such as the , the  (from which the  emerged), , , , , the , the , the  and many others – were  peoples, most of them specifically of the  group. The main historic peoples of possible non-Indo-European or  heritage include the  of central and northern Italy, the  and the  in Sicily, and the  , who gave birth to the . Other ancient populations being of undetermined language families and of possible non-Indo-European origin include the  and , known for their , the largest collections of prehistoric petroglyphs in the world. A well-preserved natural mummy known as , determined to be 5,000 years old (between 3400 and 3100 BCE, Copper Age), was discovered in the Similaun glacier of  in 1991.
The first foreign colonizers were the , who initially established colonies and founded various emporiums on the coasts of Sicily and Sardinia. Some of these soon became small urban centres and were developed parallel to the Greek colonies; among the main centres there were the cities of , Zyz (modern ),  in Sicily and , , and  in Sardinia.
Between the 17th and the 11th centuries BC  established contacts with Italy and in the 8th and 7th centuries BC a number of  were established all along the coast of Sicily and the southern part of the Italian Peninsula, that became known as . The Greek colonization placed the Italic peoples in contact with democratic government forms and with elevated artistic and cultural expressions.
, a settlement around a ford on the river  in central Italy conventionally  in 753 BC, was ruled for a period of 244 years by a  system, initially with sovereigns of  and  origin, later by Etruscan kings. The tradition handed down seven kings: , , , , ,  and . In 509 BC, the Romans  from their city, favouring a government of the  (SPQR) and establishing an .
The Italian Peninsula, named , was consolidated into a single entity during the Roman  and conquest of new lands at the expense of the , , , and . A  with most of the local tribes and cities was formed, and Rome began the conquest of Western Europe, Northern Africa and the . In the wake of 's rise and  in the first century BC, Rome grew over the course of centuries into a massive  stretching from  to the borders of , and engulfing the whole  basin, in which Greek and Roman and many other cultures merged into a unique . The long and triumphant reign of the first emperor, , began a golden age of peace and prosperity. Italy remained the metropole of the empire, and as the homeland of the Romans and the territory of the capital, maintained a special status which made it "not a province, but the  (ruler) of the ". More than  followed, during which Italy was referred to as the  (queen of the world) and  (motherland of all lands).
The Roman Empire was among the most powerful economic, cultural, political and military forces in the world of its time, and it was one of the . At its height under , it covered 5 million square kilometres. The Roman  has deeply influenced the Western civilisation, shaping most of the modern world; among the many legacies of Roman dominance are the widespread use of the  derived from Latin, the , the modern Western  and , and the emergence of Christianity as a major world religion. The , beginning around the 1st century BCE, testifies to extensive Roman trade in far away regions; many reminders of the commercial trade between the  and Italy have been found, such as the ivory statuette  from the ruins of .
In a slow  since the third century AD, the Empire split in two in 395 AD. The , under the pressure of the , eventually dissolved in 476 AD when its last emperor, , was deposed by the Germanic chief . The  half of the Empire survived for another thousand years.
After the , Italy fell under the power of Odoacer's , and, later, was seized by the , followed in the 6th century by a brief  under  Emperor . The invasion of another , the , late in the same century, reduced the Byzantine presence to the rump realm of the  and started the end of political unity of the peninsula for the next 1,300 years. Invasions of the peninsula caused a chaotic succession of barbarian kingdoms and the so-called "". The Lombard kingdom was subsequently absorbed into the  by  in the late 8th century. The Franks also helped the formation of the  in central Italy. Until the 13th century, Italian politics was dominated by the relations between the  and the Papacy, with most of the Italian city-states siding with the former () or with the latter () from momentary convenience.
The Germanic Emperor and the Roman Pontiff became the  of medieval Europe. However, the conflict for the  (a conflict over two radically different views of whether secular authorities such as kings, counts, or dukes, had any legitimate role in appointments to ecclesiastical offices) and the clash between Guelphs and Ghibellines led to the end of the Imperial-feudal system in the north of Italy where city-states gained independence. It was during this chaotic era that Italian towns saw the rise of a peculiar institution, the . Given the power vacuum caused by extreme territorial fragmentation and the struggle between the Empire and the , local communities sought autonomous ways to maintain law and order. The investiture controversy was finally resolved by the . In 1176 a league of city-states, the , defeated the German emperor  at the , thus ensuring effective independence for most of northern and central Italian cities.
Italian city-states such as Milan, Florence and Venice played a crucial innovative role in financial development, devising the main instruments and practices of banking and the emergence of new forms of social and economic organization. In coastal and southern areas, the  grew to eventually dominate the Mediterranean and monopolise trade routes to the . They were independent thalassocratic city-states, though most of them originated from territories once belonging to the Byzantine Empire. All these cities during the time of their independence had similar systems of government in which the merchant class had considerable power. Although in practice these were oligarchical, and bore little resemblance to a modern , the relative political freedom they afforded was conducive to academic and artistic advancement. The four best known maritime republics were , ,  and ; the others were , , , and . Each of the maritime republics had dominion over different overseas lands, including many Mediterranean islands (especially Sardinia and Corsica), lands on the Adriatic, Aegean, and Black Sea (Crimea), and commercial colonies in the Near East and in North Africa. Venice maintained enormous tracts of land in Greece, Cyprus, Istria and Dalmatia until as late as the mid-17th century.
Venice and Genoa were Europe's main gateway to trade with the East, and a producer of fine glass, while  was a capital of silk, wool, banks and jewellery. The wealth such business brought to Italy meant that large public and private artistic projects could be commissioned. The republics were heavily involved in the , providing support and transport, but most especially taking advantage of the political and trading opportunities resulting from these wars. Italy first felt huge economic changes in Europe which led to the : the Republic of Venice was able to  and finance the voyages of  to Asia; the first universities were formed in Italian cities, and scholars such as  obtained international fame;  made Italy the political- of a reign that temporarily included the Holy Roman Empire and the ; capitalism and banking families emerged in Florence, where  and  were active around 1300.
In the south, Sicily had become an  in the 9th century, thriving until the  conquered it in the late 11th century together with most of the Lombard and Byzantine principalities of southern Italy. Through a complex series of events, southern Italy developed as a unified kingdom, first under the , then under the  and, from the 15th century, the House of Aragon. In , the former Byzantine provinces became independent states known in Italian as , although some parts of the island fell under Genoese or Pisan rule until the eventual Aragonese annexation in the 15th century. The   of 1348 left its mark on Italy by killing perhaps one third of the population. However, the recovery from the plague led to a resurgence of cities, trade and economy which allowed the bloom of  and , that later spread to Europe.
Italy was the birthplace and heart of the  during the 1400s and 1500s. The  marked the transition from the medieval period to the modern age as Europe  recovered, economically and culturally, from the crises of the  and entered the . The Italian polities were now regional states effectively ruled by ,  monarchs in control of trade and administration, and their courts became major centres of  and . The Italian princedoms represented a first form of modern states as opposed to feudal monarchies and multinational empires. The princedoms were led by political dynasties and merchant families such as the  in , the  and  in the , the  in the , the  and  in the , the  in , and the  in . The Renaissance was therefore a result of the great wealth accumulated by Italian merchant cities combined with the  of its dominant families. Italian Renaissance exercised a dominant influence on subsequent European painting and sculpture for centuries afterwards, with artists such as , , , , , , , and , and architects such as , , , and .
Following the conclusion of the  in favor of Rome at the  (1415–1417), the new Pope  returned to the  after a three years-long journey that touched many Italian cities and restored Italy as the sole centre of Western Christianity. During the course of this voyage, the  was made the official credit institution of the Papacy and several significant ties were established between the Church and the new political dynasties of the peninsula. The Popes' status as elective monarchs turned the  and  of the Renaissance into political battles between the courts of Italy for primacy in the peninsula and access to the immense resources of the . In 1439,  and the Byzantine Emperor  signed a reconciliation agreement between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church at the  hosted by . In 1453, Italian forces under  were sent by  to defend the  but the decisive battle was lost to the more advanced Turkish army equipped with cannons, and  to Sultan .
The fall of Constantinople led to the migration of  and texts to Italy, fueling the rediscovery of Greco-Roman .  Humanist rulers such as  and  worked to establish  where , and therefore founded  and  respectively.  wrote the , considered the manifesto of , in which he stressed the importance of  in human beings. The humanist historian  was the first to divide human history in three periods: Antiquity, Middle Ages and Modernity. The second consequence of the Fall of Constantinople was the beginning of the .
Italian  and navigators from the dominant maritime republics, eager to find an alternative route to the Indies in order to bypass the Ottoman Empire, offered their services to monarchs of Atlantic countries and played a key role in ushering the  and the European colonization of the Americas. The most notable among them were: , colonizer in the name of Spain, who is credited with discovering the New World and the opening of the Americas for conquest and settlement by Europeans; , sailing for England, who was the first European to set foot in "New Found Land" and explore parts of the North American continent in 1497; , sailing for Portugal, who first demonstrated in about 1501 that the New World (in particular Brazil) was not Asia as initially conjectured, but a fourth continent previously unknown to people of the Old World (America is named after him); and , at the service of France, renowned as the first European to explore the Atlantic coast of North America between Florida and New Brunswick in 1524;
Following the fall of Constantinople, the  came to an end and a defensive alliance known as  was formed between Venice, Naples, Florence, Milan, and the Papacy.  was the greatest Florentine patron of the Renaissance and supporter of the Italic League. He notably avoided the collapse of the League in the aftermath of the  and during the  by the Turks. However, the military campaign of  in Italy caused the end of the Italic League and initiated the  between the Valois and the Habsburgs. During the  of the 1500s, Italy was therefore both the main European battleground and the cultural-economic centre of the continent. Popes such as  (1503–1513) fought for the control of Italy against foreign monarchs, others such as  (1534–1549) preferred to mediate between the European powers in order to secure peace in Italy. In the middle of this conflict, the Medici popes  (1513–1521) and  (1523–1534) opposed the  and . The end of the wars ultimately left  indirectly subject to the Austrian Habsburgs and  under direct Spanish Habsburg rule.
The Papacy remained independent and launched the . Key events of the period include: the  (1545–1563); the excommunication of  (1570) and the  (1571), both occurring during the pontificate of ; the construction of the , the adoption of the , and the  of  under ; the ; the  and the execution of  in 1600, under ; the birth  of the  of the , of which the main figure was  (later put ); the final phases of the  (1618–1648) during the pontificates of  and ; and the formation of the last  by  during the 
The Italian economy declined during the 1600s and 1700s, as the peninsula was excluded from the rising . Following the European wars of succession of the 18th century, the south passed to a cadet branch of the Spanish Bourbons and the North fell under the influence of the Habsburg-Lorraine of Austria. During the , northern-central Italy was reorganised by Napoleon in a number of  of  and later as a   in  with the . The southern half of the peninsula was administered by , Napoleon's brother-in-law, who was crowned as . The 1814  restored the situation of the late 18th century, but the ideals of the  could not be eradicated, and soon re-surfaced during the  that characterised the first part of the 19th century.
The  was the result of efforts by Italian nationalists and monarchists loyal to the  to establish a united kingdom encompassing the entire . Following the  in 1815, the political and social  movement, or , emerged to unite Italy consolidating the different states of the peninsula and liberate it from foreign control. A prominent radical figure was the patriotic journalist , member of the secret revolutionary society  and founder of the influential political movement  in the early 1830s, who favoured a unitary republic and advocated a broad nationalist movement. His prolific output of propaganda helped the unification movement stay active.
The most famous member of Young Italy was the revolutionary and general , renowned for his extremely loyal followers, who led the Italian republican drive for unification in Southern Italy. However, the Northern Italy monarchy of the House of Savoy in the , whose government was led by , also had ambitions of establishing a united Italian state. In the context of the  that swept through Europe, an unsuccessful  was declared on . In 1855, the Kingdom of Sardinia became an ally of Britain and France in the , giving Cavour's diplomacy legitimacy in the eyes of the great powers. The Kingdom of Sardinia again attacked the Austrian Empire in the  of 1859, with the aid of , resulting in liberating .
In 1860–1861, Garibaldi led the drive for unification in Naples and Sicily (the ), while the House of Savoy troops occupied the central territories of the Italian peninsula, except Rome and part of Papal States.  was the site of the famous meeting of 26 October 1860  between Giuseppe Garibaldi and , last King of Sardinia, in which Garibaldi shook Victor Emanuel's hand and hailed him as King of Italy; thus, Garibaldi sacrificed republican hopes for the sake of Italian unity under a monarchy. Cavour agreed to include Garibaldi's Southern Italy allowing it to join the union with the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1860. This allowed the Sardinian government to declare a united Italian kingdom on 17 March 1861. Victor Emmanuel II then became the first king of a united Italy, and the capital was moved from Turin to Florence.
In 1866, Victor Emmanuel II allied with  during the , waging the  which allowed Italy to annexe . Finally, in 1870, as France abandoned its garrisons in Rome during the disastrous  to keep the large Prussian Army at bay, the Italians rushed to fill the power gap by . Italian unification was completed and shortly afterward Italy's capital was moved to Rome.  Victor Emmanuel, Garibaldi, Cavour and Mazzini have been referred as Italy's .
The new Kingdom of Italy obtained  status. The Constitutional Law of the Kingdom of Sardinia the  of 1848, was extended to the whole Kingdom of Italy in 1861, and provided for basic freedoms of the new State, but electoral laws excluded the non-propertied and uneducated classes from voting. The government of the new kingdom took place in a framework of parliamentary constitutional monarchy dominated by liberal forces. As  quickly industrialised, the South and rural areas of the North remained underdeveloped and overpopulated, forcing millions of people to migrate abroad and fuelling a large and influential . The  constantly increased in strength, challenging the traditional liberal and conservative establishment.
Starting from the last two decades of the 19th century, Italy developed into a  by forcing under its rule  and  in East Africa,  and  in North Africa (later unified in the colony of ) and the  islands. From 2 November 1899 to 7 September 1901, Italy also participated as part of the  forces during the  in China; on 7 September 1901, a  was ceded to the country, and on 7 June 1902, the concession was taken into Italian possession and administered by a . In 1913, male universal suffrage was adopted. The pre-war period dominated by , Prime Minister five times between 1892 and 1921, was characterized by the economic, industrial and political-cultural modernization of Italian society.
Italy, nominally allied with the  and the Empire of  in the , in 1915 joined the  into World War I with a  of substantial territorial gains, that included western , former ,  as well as parts of the . The country gave a fundamental contribution to the victory of the conflict as one of the "" top Allied powers. The war was initially inconclusive, as the Italian army got stuck in a long  in the Alps, making little progress and suffering very heavy losses. However, the reorganization of the army and the conscription of the so-called ' (, all males born in 1899 who were turning 18) led to more effective Italian victories in major battles, such as on  and in a series of battles on the . Eventually, in October 1918, the Italians launched a massive offensive, culminating in the victory of . The Italian victory marked the end of the war on the Italian Front, secured the dissolution of the  and was chiefly instrumental in  the First World War less than two weeks later.
During the war, more than 650,000 Italian soldiers and as many civilians died and the kingdom went to the brink of bankruptcy. Under the Peace Treaties of ,  and , Italy gained a permanent seat in the 's executive council and obtained most of the promised territories, but not Dalmatia (except ), allowing nationalists to define the victory as "". Moreover, Italy annexed the Hungarian harbour of , that was not part of territories promised at London but  after the end of the war by .
The  that followed the devastation of the Great War, inspired by the , led to counter-revolution and repression throughout Italy. The liberal establishment, fearing a Soviet-style revolution, started to endorse the small , led by . In October 1922 the  of the National Fascist Party attempted a   named the "" which failed but at the last minute, King  refused to proclaim a state of siege and appointed Mussolini prime minister. Over the next few years, Mussolini banned all political parties and curtailed personal liberties, thus forming a . These actions attracted international attention and eventually inspired similar dictatorships such as  and .
In 1935, Mussolini  and founded the , resulting in an international alienation and leading to Italy's withdrawal from the ; Italy  and the  and strongly supported  in the . In 1939, Italy , a  protectorate for decades. Italy entered World War II on 10 June 1940. After initially advancing in , , the  and eastern fronts, the Italians were defeated in East Africa,  and .
The , which ended fighting between Italy and Austria-Hungary at the end of World War I, resulted in Italian annexation of neighbouring parts of Yugoslavia. During the interwar period, the fascist Italian government undertook a campaign of  in the areas it annexed, which suppressed Slavic language, schools, political parties, and cultural institutions. During World War II,  included  and  by deportation of about 25,000 people, mainly Jews, Croats, and Slovenians, to the , such as , , ,  and elsewhere.
In Italy and Yugoslavia, unlike in Germany, few war crimes were prosecuted.  perpetrated their own crimes during and after the war, including the . Meanwhile, about 250,000 Italians and anti-communist Slavs fled to Italy in the .
An  began in July 1943, leading to the collapse of the Fascist regime and the fall of Mussolini on . Mussolini was deposed and arrested by order of King Victor Emmanuel III in co-operation with the majority of the members of the , which passed a motion of no confidence. On 8 September, Italy signed the , ending its war with the Allies. The Germans helped by the Italian fascists shortly succeeded in taking control of northern and central Italy. The country remained a  for the rest of the war, as the Allies were slowly moving up from the south.
In the north, the Germans set up the  (RSI), a Nazi  with Mussolini installed as leader after he was  by German paratroopers. Some Italian troops in the south were organized into the , which fought alongside the Allies for the rest of the war, while other Italian troops, loyal to Mussolini and his RSI, continued to fight alongside the Germans in the . As result, the country descended into . Also, the post-armistice period saw the rise of a large anti-fascist resistance movement, the , which fought a guerilla war against the German and RSI forces. In late April 1945, with total defeat looming, Mussolini attempted to escape north, but was captured and  near  by Italian partisans. His body was then taken to , where it was hung upside down at a service station for public viewing and to provide confirmation of his demise. Hostilities ended on 29 April 1945, when the German forces in Italy surrendered.  in the conflict, and the Italian economy had been all but destroyed; per capita income in 1944 was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.
Italy became a republic after a  held on 2 June 1946, a day celebrated since as . This was also the first time that Italian women were entitled to vote. 's son, , was forced to abdicate and exiled. The  was approved on 1 January 1948. Under the  of 1947, most of  was lost to  and, later, the  was divided between the two states. Italy also lost all of its colonial possessions, formally ending the . In 1950, Italian Somaliland was made a  under Italian administration until 1 July 1960.
Fears of a possible Communist takeover (especially in the United States) proved crucial for the first universal suffrage electoral outcome on , when the , under the leadership of , obtained a landslide victory. Consequently, in 1949 Italy became a member of . The  helped to revive the Italian economy which, until the late 1960s, enjoyed a period of sustained economic growth commonly called the "". In 1957, Italy was a founding member of the  (EEC), which became the  (EU) in 1993.
From the late 1960s until the early 1980s, the country experienced the , a period characterised by economic crisis (especially after the ), widespread social conflicts and terrorist massacres carried out by opposing extremist groups, with the alleged involvement of US and Soviet intelligence. The Years of Lead culminated in the assassination of the Christian Democrat leader  in 1978 and the  in 1980, where 85 people died.
In the 1980s, for the first time since 1945, two governments were led by non-Christian-Democrat premiers: one republican () and one socialist (); the Christian Democrats remained, however, the main government party. During Craxi's government, the economy recovered and Italy became the world's fifth largest industrial nation, after it gained the entry into the  Group in '70s. However, as a result of his spending policies, the Italian national debt skyrocketed during the Craxi era, soon passing 100% of the country's GDP.
Italy faced several terror attacks between 1992–93 perpetrated by the  as a consequence of several life sentences pronounced during the "", and of the new anti-mafia measures launched by the government. In 1992, two major dynamite attacks killed the judges  (23 May in the ) and  (19 July in the ). One year later (May–July 1993), tourist spots were attacked, such as the  in Florence,  in Milan, and the Piazza  and Via San Teodoro in Rome, leaving 10 dead and 93 injured and causing severe damage to cultural heritage such as the . The Catholic Church openly condemned the Mafia, and two churches were bombed and an anti-Mafia priest shot dead in Rome. Also in the early 1990s, Italy faced significant challenges, as voters – disenchanted with political paralysis, massive public debt and the extensive corruption system (known as ) uncovered by the  () investigation – demanded radical reforms. The scandals involved all major parties, but especially those in the government coalition: the Christian Democrats, who ruled for almost 50 years, underwent a severe crisis and eventually disbanded, splitting up into several factions. The Communists reorganised as a  force. During the 1990s and the 2000s,  (dominated by media magnate ) and  coalitions (led by university professor ) alternately governed the country.
In the late 2000s, Italy was severely hit by the . From 2008 to 2013, the country suffered 42 months of GDP recession. The economic crisis was one of the main problems that forced Berlusconi to  in 2011. The government of the conservative Prime Minister was replaced by the technocratic cabinet of . Following the , the Vice-Secretary of the   formed a  at the head of a right-left . In 2014, challenged by the new  of the PD , Letta resigned and was replaced by Renzi. The new government started important constitutional reforms such as the abolition of the  and a new electoral law. On 4 December the constitutional reform was rejected in a  and Renzi resigned after few days on 12 December; the Foreign Affairs Minister  was appointed new Prime Minister.
Italy was affected by the  in 2015 as it became the entry point and leading destination for most asylum seekers entering the EU. Since 2013, the country took in over 700,000 migrants and refugees, mainly from sub-Saharan Africa, which caused great strain on the public purse and a surge in the support for far-right, euroskeptic or eurocritical political parties, which ended in the . The election was characterized by a strong showing of the  and the  and the university professor  became the Prime Minister at the head of a  between these two parties. However, after only fourteen months the League withdrew its support to Conte, who formed a new unprecedented government coalition between the Five Star Movement and the centre-left.
Italy is located in  (it is also considered a part of ) between latitudes  and , and longitudes  and . To the north, Italy borders , , , and  and is roughly delimited by the , enclosing the  and the . To the south, it consists of the entirety of the  and the two  of  and  (the two  of the Mediterranean), in addition to many smaller islands. The sovereign states of  and the  are  within Italy, while  is an Italian  in Switzerland.
The country's total area is 301,230 square kilometres (116,306 sq mi), of which 294,020 km (113,522 sq mi) is land and 7,210 km (2,784 sq mi) is water. Including the islands, Italy has a coastline and border of 7,600 kilometres (4,722 miles) on the , ,  seas (740 km (460 mi)), and borders shared with France (488 km (303 mi)), Austria (430 km (267 mi)), Slovenia (232 km (144 mi)) and Switzerland (740 km (460 mi)). San Marino (39 km (24 mi)) and Vatican City (3.2 km (2.0 mi)), both enclaves, account for the remainder.
Over 35% of the Italian territory is mountainous. The  form the peninsula's backbone, and the  form most of its northern boundary, where Italy's highest point is located on  (4,810 m or 15,780 ft). Other worldwide-known mountains in Italy include the  (Monte Cervino), ,  in the West Alps, and ,  and  along the eastern side.
The , Italy's longest river (652 kilometres or 405 miles), flows from the Alps on the western border with France and crosses the  on its way to the . The Po Valley is the largest plain in Italy, with 46,000 km (18,000 sq mi), and it represents over 70% of the total plain area in the country.
Many elements of the Italian territory are of volcanic origin. Most of the small islands and archipelagos in the south, like , , , ,  and  are .
There are also active volcanoes:  in Sicily (the largest active volcano in Europe), , , and  (the only active volcano on mainland Europe).
The five largest lakes are, in order of diminishing size:  (367.94 km or 142 sq mi),  (212.51 km or 82 sq mi, whose minor northern part is Switzerland),  (145.9 km or 56 sq mi),  (124.29 km or 48 sq mi) and  (113.55 km or 44 sq mi).
Although the country includes the Italian peninsula, adjacent islands, and most of the southern Alpine basin, some of Italy's territory extends beyond the Alpine basin and some islands are located outside the  continental shelf. These territories are the  of: , , ,  (in part), , ,  (in part), which are all part of the , while the  constitutes part of the 's basin and the islands of  and  are on the African .
Four different seas surround the Italian Peninsula in the  from three sides: the  in the east, the  in the south, and the  and the  in the west.
Most of the  drain either into the Adriatic Sea, such as the , , , , , and , or into the Tyrrhenian, like the ,  and . The waters from some border municipalities ( in ,  and  in ) drain into the  through the basin of the , a  of the , and the waters from the  in Lombardy drain into the  through the basin of the .
In the north of the country are a number of subalpine moraine-dammed , the largest of which is  (370 km or 143 sq mi). Other well-known subalpine lakes are  (212.5 km or 82 sq mi), whose most northerly section is part of Switzerland,  (146 km or 56 sq mi), one of the  in Europe, , , , and . Other notable lakes in the Italian peninsula are , , , ,  and  in  and  in Sardinia.
The country is situated at the meeting point of the Eurasian Plate and the African Plate, leading to considerable  and . There are , four of which are active: , ,  and . The last is the only active volcano in mainland Europe and is most famous for the destruction of  and  in the . Several islands and hills have been created by volcanic activity, and there is still a large active , the  north-west of Naples.
The high volcanic and magmatic neogenic activity is subdivided into provinces:
Italy was the first country to exploit geothermal energy to produce electricity. The high geothermal gradient that forms part of the peninsula makes potentially exploitable also other provinces: research carried out in the 1960s and 1970s identifies potential geothermal fields in Lazio and Tuscany, as well as in most volcanic islands.
After its quick industrial growth, Italy took a long time to confront its environmental problems. After several improvements, it now ranks 84th in the world for ecological sustainability.  cover about 5% of the country. In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's leading producers of , ranking as the world's fourth largest holder of installed  capacity and the sixth largest holder of  capacity in 2010. Renewable energies now make up about 12% of the total primary and final energy consumption in Italy, with a future target share set at 17% for the year 2020.
However, air pollution remains a severe problem, especially in the industrialised north, reaching the tenth highest level worldwide of industrial carbon dioxide emissions in the 1990s. Italy is the twelfth largest  producer.
Extensive traffic and congestion in the largest metropolitan areas continue to cause severe environmental and health issues, even if smog levels have decreased dramatically since the 1970s and 1980s, and the presence of smog is becoming an increasingly rarer phenomenon and levels of  are decreasing.
Many watercourses and coastal stretches have also been contaminated by industrial and agricultural activity, while because of rising water levels,  has been regularly flooded throughout recent years. Waste from industrial activity is not always disposed of by legal means and has led to permanent health effects on inhabitants of affected areas, as in the case of the . The country has also operated several nuclear reactors between 1963 and 1990 but, after the  and a  the nuclear programme was terminated, a decision that was overturned by the government in 2008, planning to build up to four nuclear power plants with French technology. This was in turn struck down by a referendum following the .
Deforestation, illegal building developments and poor land-management policies have led to significant erosion all over Italy's mountainous regions, leading to major ecological disasters like the 1963  flood, the 1998  and 2009  .
Italy has the highest level of   in Europe, with over 57,000 species recorded, representing more than a third of all European fauna. Italy's varied geological structure contributes to its high climate and habitat diversity. The Italian peninsula is in the centre of the Mediterranean Sea, forming a corridor between central Europe and North Africa, and has 8,000 km (5,000 mi) of coastline. Italy also receives species from the Balkans, Eurasia, the Middle East. Italy's varied geological structure, including the Alps and the Apennines, Central Italian woodlands, and Southern Italian Garigue and Maquis shrubland, also contributes to high climate and habitat diversity.
Italian fauna includes 4,777  animal species, which include the , , , , , , , , , , and . There are 102  (most notably the , , , , , , , , and ), 516  and 56,213 invertebrate species.
The flora of Italy was traditionally estimated to comprise about 5,500  species. However, as of 2005, 6,759 species are recorded in the . Italy is a signatory to the  and the  both affording protection to Italian fauna and flora.
Because of the great longitudinal extension of the peninsula and the mostly mountainous internal conformation, the climate of Italy is highly diverse. In most of the inland northern and central regions, the climate ranges from  to  and . In particular, the climate of the  geographical region is mostly continental, with harsh winters and hot summers.
The coastal areas of ,  and most of the  generally fit the  stereotype ( Csa). Conditions on peninsular coastal areas can be very different from the interior's higher ground and valleys, particularly during the winter months when the higher altitudes tend to be cold, wet, and often snowy. The coastal regions have mild winters and warm and generally dry summers, although lowland valleys can be quite hot in summer. Average winter temperatures vary from 0  (32 ) on the Alps to
12 °C (54 °F) in Sicily, so average summer temperatures range from 20 °C (68 °F) to over 25 °C (77 °F). Winters can vary widely across the country with lingering cold, foggy and snowy periods in the north and milder, sunnier conditions in the south. Summers can be hot and humid across the country, particularly in the south while northern and central areas can experience occasional strong thunderstorms from spring to autumn.
Italy has been a   since 2 June 1946, when the monarchy was abolished by a . The  (), currently  since 2015, is Italy's . The President is elected for a single seven years mandate by the  and some regional voters in . Italy has a written democratic , resulting from the work of a  formed by the representatives of all the  forces that contributed to the defeat of Nazi and Fascist forces during the .
Italy has a parliamentary government based on a mixed  and majoritarian voting system. The parliament is perfectly : the two houses, the  that meets in , and the  that meets in , have the same powers. The Prime Minister, officially  (), is Italy's . The Prime Minister and the cabinet are appointed by the President of the Republic of Italy and must pass a vote of confidence in Parliament to come into office. To remain the Prime Minister  has to pass also eventual further votes of confidence or no confidence in Parliament.
The prime minister is the President of the  – which holds effective executive power – and he must receive a vote of approval from it to execute most political activities. The office is similar to those in most other , but the leader of the Italian government is not authorised to request the dissolution of the .
Another difference with similar offices is that the overall political responsibility for intelligence is vested in the President of the Council of Ministers. By virtue of that, the Prime Minister has exclusive power to: co-ordinate intelligence policies, determining the financial resources and strengthening national cyber security; apply and protect State secrets; authorise agents to carry out operations, in Italy or abroad, in violation of the law.
A peculiarity of the  is the representation given to  permanently living abroad: 12 Deputies and 6 Senators elected in four distinct . In addition, the Italian Senate is characterised also by a small number of , appointed by the President "for outstanding patriotic merits in the social, scientific, artistic or literary field". Former Presidents of the Republic are  life senators.
Italy's three major political parties are the , the  and the . During the 2018 general election these three parties won 614 out of 630 seats available in the Chamber of Deputies and 309 out of 315 in the Senate. Berlusconi's  which formed a centre-right coalition with 's  and Giorgia Meloni's  won most of the seats without getting the majority in parliament.  The rest of the seats were taken by , Matteo Renzi's  along with Achammer and Panizza's  &  in a centre-left coalition and the independent  party.
The Italian judicial system is based on  modified by the  and later statutes. The  is the highest court in Italy for both criminal and civil appeal cases. The  () rules on the conformity of laws with the constitution and is a post–World War II innovation. Since their appearance in the middle of the 19th century,  and criminal organisations have infiltrated the social and economic life of many regions in , the most notorious of which being the , which would later expand into some foreign countries including the United States. Mafia receipts may reach 9% of Italy's GDP.
A 2009 report identified 610  which have a strong Mafia presence, where 13 million Italians live and 14.6% of the Italian GDP is produced. The  , nowadays probably the most powerful crime syndicate of Italy, accounts alone for 3% of the country's GDP. However, at 0.013 per 1,000 people, Italy has only the 47th highest murder rate compared to 61 countries and the 43rd highest number of rapes per 1,000 people compared to 64 countries in the world. These are relatively low figures among developed countries.
The Italian law enforcement system is complex, with multiple police forces. The national policing agencies are the  (State Police), the , the  (Financial Guard), and the Polizia Penitenziaria (Prison Police), as well as the  ().
The  are a civil police supervised by the , while the  is a  supervised by the ; both share duties in law enforcement and the maintenance of public order. Within the Carabinieri is a unit devoted to combating . The  is responsible for combating  and , as well as . The  are responsible for guarding the prison system. The  (State Forestry Corps) formerly existed as a separate national  agency, but was merged into the Carabinieri in 2016. Although policing in Italy is primarily provided on a national basis, there also exists  () and  ().
Italy is a founding member of the  (EEC), now the  (EU), and of . Italy was admitted to the United Nations in 1955, and it is a member and a strong supporter of a wide number of international organisations, such as the  (OECD), the / (GATT/WTO), the  (OSCE), the , and the . Its recent or upcoming turns in the rotating presidency of international organisations include the  in 2018, the  in 2017 and the  from July to December 2014. Italy is also a recurrent  of the , the most recently in 2017.
Italy strongly supports multilateral international politics, endorsing the United Nations and its  activities. As of 2013, Italy was deploying 5,296 troops abroad, engaged in 33 UN and NATO missions in 25 countries of the world. Italy deployed troops in support of UN peacekeeping missions in , , and  and provides support for NATO and UN operations in ,  and . Italy deployed over 2,000 troops in  in support of  (OEF) from February 2003.
Italy supported international efforts to reconstruct and stabilise , but it had withdrawn its  of some 3,200 troops by 2006, maintaining only humanitarian operators and other civilian personnel.
In August 2006 Italy deployed about 2,450 troops in Lebanon for the United Nations'  mission . Italy is one of the largest financiers of the , contributing €60 million in 2013 alone.
The , ,  and  collectively form the , under the command of the Supreme Defence Council, presided over by the . Since 2005, military service is voluntary. In 2010, the Italian military had 293,202 personnel on active duty, of which 114,778 are Carabinieri. Total Italian military spending in 2010 ranked  in the world, standing at $35.8 billion, equal to 1.7% of national GDP. As part of  Italy also hosts 90 United States , located in the  and  air bases.
The Italian Army is the national ground defence force, numbering 109,703 in 2008. Its best-known combat vehicles are the  , the   and the  , and among its aircraft the  , in the last years deployed in EU, NATO and UN missions. It also has at its disposal many  and  armoured vehicles.
The  in 2008 had 35,200 active personnel with 85 commissioned ships and 123 aircraft. It is a . In modern times the Italian Navy, being a member of the EU and NATO, has taken part in many coalition peacekeeping operations around the world.
The  in 2008 had a strength of 43,882 and operated 585 aircraft, including 219 combat jets and 114 helicopters. A transport capability is guaranteed by a fleet of 27  and .
An autonomous corps of the military, the Carabinieri are the  and  of Italy, policing the military and civilian population alongside . While the different branches of the Carabinieri report to separate ministries for each of their individual functions, the corps reports to the Ministry of Internal Affairs when maintaining public order and security.
Italy is subdivided into 20 regions (), five of these regions having a  that enables them to enact legislation on some of their local matters. The country is further divided into 14 metropolitan cities () and 96 provinces (), which in turn are subdivided in 7,960 municipalities (2018) ().
Italy has a major advanced  , ranking as the third-largest in the  and the  in the world. A founding member of the , the  and the , it is regarded as one of the world's most industrialised nations and a leading country in . It is a highly , with the world's 8th highest  in 2005 and the 26th . The country is well known for its creative and innovative business, a large and competitive agricultural sector (with the world's largest wine production), and for its influential and high-quality automobile, machinery, food, design and fashion industry.
Italy is the world's sixth largest  country, characterised by a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size and many dynamic , notoriously clustered in several , which are the backbone of the . This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of  and luxury products, that if on one side is less capable to compete on the quantity, on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from China and other emerging Asian economies based on lower labour costs, with higher quality products. Italy was the world's 7th largest exporter in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. Its largest EU trade partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.9%), France (11.4%), and Spain (7.4%).
The  is a significant part of the Italian manufacturing sector, with over 144,000 firms and almost 485,000 employed people in 2015, and a contribution of 8.5% to Italian .  or FCA is currently the world's . The country boasts a wide range of acclaimed products, from very compact city cars to luxury supercars such as , , and , which was rated the world's most powerful brand by .
Italy is part of the European single market which represents more than 500 million consumers. Several domestic commercial policies are determined by agreements among European Union (EU) members and by EU legislation. Italy introduced the common European currency, the  in 2002. It is a member of the Eurozone which represents around 330 million citizens. Its monetary policy is set by the .
Italy has been hit hard by the , that exacerbated the country's structural problems. Effectively, after a strong GDP growth of 5–6% per year from the 1950s to the early 1970s, and a progressive slowdown in the 1980-90s, the country virtually stagnated in the 2000s. The political efforts to revive growth with massive government spending eventually produced a severe rise in , that stood at over 131.8% of GDP in 2017, ranking second in the EU only after the Greek one. For all that, the largest chunk of  is owned by national subjects, a major difference between Italy and Greece, and the level of  is much lower than the OECD average.
A gaping  is a major factor of socio-economic weakness. It can be noted by the huge difference in statistical income between the northern and southern regions and municipalities. The richest province, , earns 152% of the national GDP per capita, while the poorest region, Calabria, 61%. The  rate (11.1%) stands slightly above the Eurozone average, but the disaggregated figure is 6.6% in the North and 19.2% in the South. The  (31.7% in March 2018) is extremely high compared to EU standards.
Italy has a strong  sector, with the largest share of the population (4.5%) employed by a cooperative in the EU.
According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (−32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in ). The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size. Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded),  fields take up 31%,  orchards 8.2%,  5.4%,  orchards 3.8%,  1.7%, and  2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).
Italy is the , and one of the leading in , fruits (, , , , , , , , , , ,  and ), and vegetables (especially  and ). The most famous  are probably the   and the  . Other famous wines are , , , , , , and the   and .
Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and , are often protected under the quality assurance labels . This , which is attributed by the , is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced .
In 2004 the transport sector in Italy generated a turnover of about 119.4 billion euros, employing 935,700 persons in 153,700 enterprises. Regarding the national road network, in 2002 there were 668,721 km (415,524 mi) of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,487 km (4,031 mi) of motorways, state-owned but privately operated by . In 2005, about 34,667,000  (590 cars per 1,000 people) and 4,015,000 goods vehicles circulated on the national road network.
The , state-owned and operated by  (FSI), in 2008 totalled 16,529 km (10,271 mi) of which 11,727 km (7,287 mi) is electrified, and on which 4,802 locomotives and railcars run. The main public operator of high-speed trains is , part of FSI. Higher-speed trains are divided into three categories:  (English: ) trains operate at a maximum speed of 300 km/h on dedicated high-speed tracks;  (English: ) trains operate at a maximum speed of 250 km/h on both high-speed and mainline tracks; and  (English: ) trains operate on high-speed regional lines at a maximum speed of 200 km/h. Italy has 11 rail border crossings over the Alpine mountains with its neighbouring countries.
Italy is one of the countries with the most vehicles per capita, with 690 per 1000 people in 2010. The national inland  network comprised 2,400 km (1,491 mi)  of navigable rivers and channels for various types of commercial traffic in 2012.
Italy's largest airline is , which serves 97 destinations (as of October 2019) and also operates a regional subsidiary under the  brand. Italy's second largest airline is , which operates a network of domestic, European and long-haul destinations. The country also has  (such as ), low-cost carriers (including ), and Charter and leisure carriers (including ,  and . Major Italian cargo operators are  and .
Italy is the fifth in Europe by number of passengers by air transport, with about 148 million passengers or about 10% of the European total in 2011. In 2012 there were 130 airports in Italy, including the two  of  in Milan and  in Rome. In 2004 there were 43 major seaports, including the seaport of , the country's largest and second largest in the . In 2005 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.
Italy needs to import about 80% of its energy requirements.
Italy does not invest enough to maintain . The Galli Law, passed in 1993, aimed at raising the level of investment and to improve service quality by consolidating service providers, making them more efficient and increasing the level of cost recovery through tariff revenues. Despite these reforms, investment levels have declined and remain far from sufficient.
Through the centuries, Italy has fostered the scientific community that produced many major discoveries in physics and the other sciences. During the  Italian polymaths such as  (1452–1519),  (1475–1564) and  (1404–1472) made important contributions to a variety of fields, including biology, architecture, and engineering.  (1564–1642), a physicist, mathematician and astronomer, played a major role in the . His achievements include key improvements to the  and consequent astronomical observations, and ultimately the triumph of  over the .
Other astronomers suchs as  (1625–1712) and  (1835–1910) made many important discoveries about the . In mathematics,  (born Giuseppe Lodovico Lagrangia, 1736–1813) was active before leaving Italy.  (c. 1170 – c. 1250), and  (1501–1576) made fundamental advances in mathematics.  established  to the world. Physicist  (1901–1954), a Nobel prize laureate, led the team in Chicago that developed the  and is also noted for his many other contributions to physics, including the co-development of the  and was one of the key figures in the creation of the . He,  (1905–1989) who discovered the elements  and , and the ),  (1905–1993) a pioneer in Cosmic Rays and X-ray astronomy) and a number of Italian physicists were forced to leave Italy in the 1930s by ,.
Other prominent physicists include:  (most noted for his contributions to , in particular the  and the ),  (inventor of ),  (inventor of ),  (inventor of ),  and , pioneers of the induction motor, , pioneer of light bulb and , eclectic pioneer of auto and robotics,  (who discovered the ),  (1984 Nobel Prize in Physics for work leading to the discovery of the  at ).  is known for developing a voice-communication device which is often credited as the first .  in 1964 designed one of the first desktop , the . In biology,  has been the first to challenge the theory of spontaneous generation by demonstrating that maggots come from eggs of flies and he described 180 parasites in details and  founded ,  conducted important research in bodily functions, animal reproduction, and cellular theory, , whose many achievements include the discovery of the , paved the way to the acceptance of the ,  discovered the  (awarded 1986 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine). In chemistry,  received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1963 for his work on high .  received the  for the discovery of the  or pi- decay in 1947. , a  recipient in 1990, solved  about  and the  on the regularity of solutions of .
Italy is the fifth most visited country in the world, with a total of 52.3 million international arrivals in 2016. The total contribution of travel & tourism to GDP (including wider effects from investment, the supply chain and induced income impacts) was EUR162.7bn in 2014 (10.1% of GDP) and generated 1,082,000 jobs directly in 2014 (4.8% of total employment).
Italy is well known for its cultural and environmental tourist routes and is home to 55 , the most in the world.  is the 3rd most visited city in Europe and the 12th in the world, with 9.4 million arrivals in 2017 while  is the 27th worldwide with 6.8 million tourists. In addition,  and  are also among the world's top 100 destinations.
At the end of 2013, Italy had 60,782,668 inhabitants. The resulting population density, at 202 inhabitants per square kilometre (520/sq mi), is higher than that of most Western European countries. However, the distribution of the population is widely uneven. The most densely populated areas are the Po Valley (that accounts for almost a half of the national population) and the metropolitan areas of Rome and Naples, while vast regions such as the Alps and Apennines highlands, the plateaus of Basilicata and the island of Sardinia are very sparsely populated.
The population of Italy almost doubled during the 20th century, but the pattern of growth was extremely uneven because of large-scale internal migration from the rural South to the industrial cities of the North, a phenomenon which happened as a consequence of the  of the 1950–1960s. High fertility and birth rates persisted until the 1970s, after which they started to decline. The population rapidly ; by 2010, one in five Italians was over 65 years old, and the country currently has the fifth oldest population in the world, with a  of 45.8 years. However, in recent years Italy has experienced significant growth in birth rates. The total fertility rate has also climbed from an all-time low of 1.18 children per woman in 1995 to 1.41 in 2008,  albeit still below the  of 2.1 and considerably below the high of 5.06 children born per woman in 1883. Nevertheless, the  is expected to reach 1.6–1.8 in 2030.
From the late 19th century until the 1960s Italy was a country of mass . Between 1898 and 1914, the peak years of , approximately 750,000 Italians emigrated each year. The diaspora concerned more than 25 million Italians and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times. As a result, today more than 4.1 million Italian citizens are living abroad, while at least 60 million people of full or part Italian ancestry live outside of Italy, most notably in Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Venezuela, the United States, Canada, Australia and France.

Source:
In 2016, Italy had about 5.05 million foreign residents, making up 8.3% of the total population. The figures include more than half a million children born in Italy to foreign nationals (second generation immigrants) but exclude foreign nationals who have subsequently acquired Italian citizenship; in 2016, about 201,000 people became Italian citizens, compared to 130,000 in 2014. The official figures also exclude , who estimated to number at least 670,000 as of 2008.
Starting from the early 1980s, until then a linguistically and culturally homogeneous society, Italy begun to attract substantial flows of foreign immigrants. After the  and, more recently, the  and  enlargements of the European Union, large waves of migration originated from the former socialist countries of  (especially , ,  and ). An equally important source of immigration is neighbouring North Africa (in particular, , Egypt and ), with soaring arrivals as a consequence of the . Furthermore, in recent years, growing migration fluxes from Asia-Pacific (notably  and the ) and Latin America have been recorded.
Currently, about one million  citizens (around 10% of them being ethnic ) are officially registered as living in Italy, representing thus the most important individual country of origin, followed by  and  with about 500,000 people each. The number of unregistered Romanians is difficult to estimate, but the Balkan Investigative Reporting Network suggested in 2007 that there might have been half a million or more.
As of 2010, the foreign born population of Italy was from the following regions: Europe (54%), Africa (22%), Asia (16%), the Americas (8%) and Oceania (0.06%). The distribution of immigrants is largely uneven in Italy: 87% live in the northern and central parts of the country (the most economically developed areas), while only 13% live in the southern half.
Italy's official language is , as stated by the framework law no. 482/1999 and Trentino Alto-Adige's special Statute, which is adopted with a . There are an estimated 64 million native Italian speakers and another 21 million who use it as a second language. Italian is often natively spoken in a , not to be confused with Italy's regional and minority languages; however, the establishment of a national education system led to a decrease in variation in the languages spoken across the country during the 20th century. Standardisation was further expanded in the 1950s and 1960s due to economic growth and the rise of  and television (the state broadcaster  helped set a standard Italian).
Twelve "historical " () are formally recognised: , , , , , , , , , ,  and . Four of these also enjoy a co-official status in their respective region: French in the ; German in , and  as well in some parts of the same province and in parts of the neighbouring ; and  in the provinces of ,  and . A number of other Ethnologue, ISO and UNESCO languages are not recognised by Italian law. Like France, Italy has signed the , but has not ratified it.
Because of recent immigration, Italy has sizeable populations whose native language is not Italian, nor a regional language. According to the ,  is the most common mother tongue among foreign residents in Italy: almost 800,000 people speak Romanian as their first language (21.9% of the foreign residents aged 6 and over). Other prevalent mother tongues are  (spoken by over 475,000 people; 13.1% of foreign residents),  (380,000 people) and  (255,000 people).
In 2017, the proportion of Italians who identified themselves as  was 74.4%. Since 1985, it is no longer officially the .
The , the , contains the central government of the . It is recognised by other subjects of international law as a  entity, headed by the , who is also the , with which  can be maintained. Often incorrectly referred to as "the Vatican", the Holy See is not the same entity as the  State, which came into existence only in 1929.
In 2011, minority Christian faiths in Italy included an estimated 1.5 million Orthodox Christians, or 2.5% of the population; 500,000  and  (of whom 400,000 are members of the ), 251,192 , 30,000 Waldensians, 25,000 , 26,925 , 15,000 Baptists (plus some 5,000 Free Baptists), 7,000 , 4,000  ().
One of the longest-established minority religious faiths in Italy is , Jews having been present in  since before the birth of Christ. Italy has for centuries welcomed Jews expelled from other countries, notably Spain. However, about 20% of Italian Jews were killed during the . This, together with the emigration that preceded and followed World War II, has left only around 28,400 Jews in Italy.
Soaring immigration in the last two decades has been accompanied by an increase in non-Christian faiths. There are more than 800,000 followers of faiths originating in the Indian subcontinent with some 70,000  with 22  across the country,
The Italian state, as a measure to protect religious freedom, devolves shares of income tax to recognised religious communities, under a regime known as . Donations are allowed to Christian, Jewish, Buddhist and Hindu communities; however, Islam remains excluded, since no Muslim communities have yet signed a concordat with the Italian state. Taxpayers who do not wish to fund a religion contribute their share to the state welfare system.
Education in Italy is free and mandatory from ages six to sixteen, and consists of five stages: kindergarten (), primary school (),  (,  () and university ().
Primary education lasts eight years. Students are given a basic education in Italian, English, mathematics, natural sciences, history, geography, social studies, physical education and visual and musical arts. Secondary education lasts for five years and includes three traditional types of schools focused on different academic levels: the  prepares students for university studies with a classical or scientific curriculum, while the  and the  prepare pupils for vocational education. In 2012, the Italian secondary education was evaluated as slightly below the  average, with a strong and steady improvement in science and mathematics results since 2003; however, a wide gap exists between  schools, which performed significantly better than the national average (among the best in the world in some subjects), and schools in the , that had much poorer results.
Tertiary education in Italy is divided between , private universities and the prestigious and selective , such as the . 33 Italian universities were ranked among the world's top 500 in 2019, the third-largest number in Europe after the United Kingdom and Germany. , founded in 1088, is the , as well as one of the leading academic institutions in Italy and Europe. The , , , , , , and  are also ranked among the best in the world.
The Italian state runs a universal public healthcare system since 1978. However, healthcare is provided to all citizens and residents by a mixed public-private system. The public part is the , which is organised under the Ministry of Health and administered on a devolved regional basis. Healthcare spending in Italy accounted for 9.2% of the national GDP in 2012, very close the  countries' average of 9.3%. Italy in 2000 ranked as having the world's 2nd best healthcare system, and the world's .
Life expectancy in Italy is 80 for males and 85 for females, placing the country . In comparison to other Western countries, Italy has a relatively low rate of adult obesity (below 10%), as there are several health benefits of the . The proportion of daily smokers was 22% in 2012, down from 24.4% in 2000 but still slightly above the OECD average. Smoking in public places including bars, restaurants, night clubs and offices has been restricted to specially ventilated rooms since 2005. In 2013,  added the  to the  of Italy (promoter), , , , ,  and .
Divided by politics and geography for centuries until its eventual unification in 1861, Italy's culture has been shaped by a multitude of regional customs and local centres of power and . Italy has had a central role in Western culture for centuries and is still recognised for its cultural traditions and artists. During the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, a number of magnificent  competed for attracting the best architects, artists and scholars, thus producing a great legacy of monuments, paintings, music and literature. Despite the political and social isolation of these courts, Italy's contribution to the cultural and historical heritage of Europe and the world remain immense.
Italy has more   () than any other country in the world, and has rich collections of art, culture and literature from many periods. The country has had a broad cultural influence worldwide, also because numerous Italians emigrated to other places during the . Furthermore, Italy has, overall, an estimated 100,000 monuments of any sort (museums, palaces, buildings, statues, churches, art galleries, villas, fountains, historic houses and archaeological remains), and according to some estimates the nation is home to half the world's great art treasures.
Italy is known for its considerable architectural achievements, such as the construction of arches, domes and similar structures during , the founding of the  in the late-14th to 16th centuries, and being the homeland of , a style of construction which inspired movements such as that of , and influenced the designs which noblemen built their country houses all over the world, notably in the UK, Australia and the US during the late 17th to early 20th centuries.
Along with pre-historic architecture, the first people in Italy to truly begin a sequence of designs were the Greeks and the Etruscans, progressing to classical Roman, then to the revival of the classical Roman era during the Renaissance and evolving into the Baroque era. The Christian concept of a Basilica, a style of church architecture that came to dominate the early Middle Ages, was invented in Rome. They were known for being long, rectangular buildings, which were built in an almost ancient Roman style, often rich in mosaics and decorations. The early Christians' art and architecture was also widely inspired by that of the pagan Romans; statues, mosaics and paintings decorated all their churches. The first significant buildings in the medieval Romanesque style were churches built in Italy during the 800's. Byzantine architecture was also widely diffused in Italy. The Byzantines kept Roman principles of architecture and art alive, and the most famous structure from this period is the  in Venice.
The Romanesque movement, which went from approximately 800 AD to 1100 AD, was one of the most fruitful and creative periods in Italian architecture, when several masterpieces, such as the Leaning Tower of Pisa in the , and the  in Milan were built. It was known for its usage of the Roman arches, stained glass windows, and also its curved columns which commonly featured in cloisters. The main innovation of Italian Romanesque architecture was the vault, which had never been seen before in the history of Western architecture.
The greatest flowering of Italian architecture took place during the Renaissance.  made great contributions to architectural design with his dome for the Cathedral of Florence, a feat of engineering that had not been accomplished since antiquity. A popular achievement of Italian Renaissance architecture was St. Peter's Basilica, originally designed by  in the early 16th century. Also, Andrea Palladio influenced architects throughout western Europe with the villas and palaces he designed in the middle and late 16th century; the city of , with its twenty-three buildings designed by Palladio, and twenty-four  are listed by UNESCO as part of a World Heritage Site named .
The Baroque period produced several outstanding Italian architects in the 17th century, especially known for their churches. The most original work of all late Baroque and Rococo architecture is the , dating back to 18th century.  began in 1752 the construction of the . In this large complex, the grandiose Baroque style interiors and gardens are opposed to a more sober building envelope. In the late 18th and early 19th centuries Italy was affected by the Neoclassical architectural movement. Everything from villas, palaces, gardens, interiors and art began to be based on Roman and Greek themes.
During the Fascist period, the so-called "" flourished, based on the rediscovery of imperial Rome, with figures such as  and . , responsible for the urban transformations of several cities in Italy and remembered for the disputed  in Rome, devised a form of simplified Neoclassicism.
The history of Italian visual arts is significant to the history of .  was influenced by Greece and can in part be taken as a descendant of ancient Greek painting. Roman painting does have its own unique characteristics. The only surviving Roman paintings are wall paintings, many from villas in , in Southern Italy. Such paintingS can be grouped into four main "styles" or periods and may contain the first examples of , pseudo-perspective, and pure landscape.
Panel painting becomes more common during the  period, under the heavy influence of Byzantine icons. Towards the middle of the 13th century,  and  became more realistic, with the beginnings of interest in the depiction of volume and perspective in Italy with  and then his pupil . From Giotto onwards, the treatment of composition by the best painters also became much more free and innovative. The two are considered to be the two great medieval masters of painting in western culture.
The  is said by many to be the  of painting; roughly spanning the 14th through the mid-17th centuries with a significant influence also out of the borders of modern Italy. In Italy artists like , , , , , , , , , , , , , and  took painting to a higher level through the use of , the study of  and proportion, and through their development of an unprecedented refinement in drawing and painting techniques. Michelangelo was an active sculptor from about 1500 to 1520, and his great masterpieces including his , , . Other prominent Renaissance sculptors include , , ,  and .
In the 15th and 16th centuries, the  gave rise to a stylised art known as . In place of the balanced compositions and rational approach to perspective that characterised art at the dawn of the 16th century, the Mannerists sought instability, artifice, and doubt. The unperturbed faces and gestures of  and the calm Virgins of Raphael are replaced by the troubled expressions of  and the emotional intensity of .
In the 17th century, among the greatest painters of  are , , , ,  and . Subsequently, in the 18th century,  was mainly inspired by French Rococo, since France was the founding nation of that particular style, with artists such as  and . Italian Neoclassical sculpture focused, with 's nudes, on the idealist aspect of the movement.
In the 19th century, major Italian  painters were ,  and .  was brought from France to Italy by the , led by , and ;  by  and . In the 20th century, with , primarily through the works of  and , Italy rose again as a seminal country for artistic evolution in painting and sculpture. Futurism was succeeded by the metaphysical paintings of , who exerted a strong influence on the  and generations of artists to follow like  and .
Formal Latin literature began in 240 BC, when the first stage play was performed in Rome. Latin literature was, and still is, highly influential in the world, with numerous writers, poets, philosophers, and historians, such as , , , , ,  and . The Romans were also famous for their oral tradition, poetry, drama and epigrams. In early years of the 13th century, St.  was considered the first Italian poet by literary critics, with his religious song .
Another Italian voice originated in Sicily. At the court of Emperor Frederick II, who ruled the Sicilian kingdom during the first half of the 13th century, lyrics modelled on Provençal forms and themes were written in a refined version of the local vernacular. The most important of these poets was the notary , inventor of the  form, though the most famous early sonneteer was .
 is considered the founder of the , a school that added a philosophical dimension to traditional love poetry. This new understanding of love, expressed in a smooth, pure style, influenced  and the  poet , who established the basis of the modern ; his greatest work, the , is considered among the foremost literary statements produced in Europe during the ; furthermore, the poet invented the difficult . The two great writers of the 14th century, Petrarch and , sought out and imitated the works of antiquity and cultivated their own artistic personalities. Petrarch achieved fame through his collection of poems, . Petrarch's love poetry served as a model for centuries. Equally influential was Boccaccio's , one of the most popular collections of short stories ever written.
Italian Renaissance authors produced a number of important works. 's  is one of the world's most famous essays on political science and modern philosophy, in which the "effectual truth" is taken to be more important than any abstract ideal. Another important work of the period, 's , continuation of 's unfinished romance , is perhaps the greatest chivalry poem ever written. 's dialogue  describes the ideal of the perfect court gentleman and of spiritual beauty. The lyric poet  in  wrote a Christian epic, making use of the , with attention to the Aristotelian canons of unity.
 and , which have written  (1550–1555) and the  (1634) respectively, printed some of the first known versions of fairy tales in Europe. In the early 17th century, some literary masterpieces were created, such as 's long mythological poem, . The Baroque period also produced the clear scientific prose of  as well as 's , a description of a perfect society ruled by a philosopher-priest. At the end of the 17th century, the  began a movement to restore simplicity and classical restraint to poetry, as in 's heroic melodramas. In the 18th century, playwright  created full written plays, many portraying the middle class of his day.
The Romanticism coincided with some ideas of the , the patriotic movement that brought Italy political unity and freedom from foreign domination. Italian writers embraced Romanticism in the early 19th century. The time of Italy's rebirth was heralded by the poets , , and . The works by , the leading Italian Romantic, are a symbol of the Italian unification for their patriotic message and because of his efforts in the development of the modern, unified Italian language; his novel  was the first Italian historical novel to glorify Christian values of justice and Providence, and it has been called the most famous and widely read novel in the Italian language.
In the late 19th century, a realistic literary movement called  played a major role in Italian literature;  and  were its main exponents. In the same period, , writer of action adventure  and a pioneer of science fiction, published his  series. In 1883,  also published the novel , the most celebrated children's classic by an Italian author and the most translated non-religious book in the world. A movement called  influenced Italian literature in the early 20th century.  wrote , called for the use of language and metaphors that glorified the speed, dynamism, and violence of the machine age.
Modern literary figures and Nobel laureates are  from 1889 to 1910, nationalist poet  in 1906, realist writer  in 1926, modern theatre author  in 1936, short stories writer  in 1960, poets  in 1959 and  in 1975,  in 1980, and satirist and theatre author  in 1997.
Prominent  include , , , , and .
Italian theatre can be traced back to the Roman tradition. The  was a thriving and diverse art form, ranging from festival performances of street theatre, nude dancing, and acrobatics, to the staging of 's broadly appealing situation comedies, to the high-style, verbally elaborate tragedies of . Although Rome had a native tradition of performance, the  of  in the 3rd century BCE had a profound and energising effect on Roman theatre and encouraged the development of Latin literature of the highest quality for the stage. As with many other literary genres, Roman dramatists was heavily influenced or tended to adapt from the Greek. For example, Seneca's  was based on that of , and many of the comedies of  were direct translations of works by .
During the 16th century and on into the 18th century,  was a form of , and it is still performed today. Travelling troupes of players would set up an outdoor stage and provide amusement in the form of ,  and, more typically, humorous plays based on a repertoire of established characters with a rough storyline, called .  Plays did not originate from written drama but from scenarios called , which were loose frameworks that provided the situations, complications, and outcome of the action, around which the actors would improvise. The characters of the  usually represent fixed social types and , each of which has a distinct , such as foolish old men, devious servants, or military officers full of false . The main categories of these characters include servants, old men, lovers, and captains.
, who wrote a few scenarios starting in 1734, superseded the comedy of masks and the comedy of intrigue by representations of actual life and manners through the characters and their behaviours. He rightly maintained that Italian life and manners were susceptible of artistic treatment such as had not been given them before.
The  in Naples is the oldest continuously active venue for public opera in the world, opening in 1737, decades before both the Milan's  and Venice's  theatres.
From  to , music has always played an important role in Italian culture. Instruments associated with classical music, including the piano and violin, were invented in Italy, and many of the prevailing classical music forms, such as the , concerto, and , can trace their roots back to innovations of 16th- and 17th-century Italian music.
Italy's most famous composers include the  ,  and , the  ,  and , the  ,  and , and the   and . Modern Italian composers such as  and  proved significant in the development of  and . While the classical music tradition still holds strong in Italy, as evidenced by the fame of its innumerable opera houses, such as  of Milan and  of Naples (the oldest continuously active venue for public opera in the world), and performers such as the pianist  and tenor , Italians have been no less appreciative of their thriving contemporary music scene.
Italy is widely known for being the birthplace of opera.  was believed to have been founded in the early 17th century, in cities such as  and . Later, works and pieces composed by native Italian composers of the 19th and early 20th centuries, such as , , ,  and , are among the most famous operas ever written and today are performed in opera houses across the world. La Scala operahouse in Milan is also renowned as one of the best in the world. Famous Italian opera singers include  and .
Introduced in the early 1920s,  took a particularly strong foothold in Italy, and remained popular despite the xenophobic cultural policies of the Fascist regime. Today, the most notable centres of jazz music in Italy include Milan, Rome, and Sicily. Later, Italy was at the forefront of the  and pop movement of the 1970s, with bands like , , , , and . The same period saw diversification in the , and  films included complex scores by composers including , ,  and . In the early 1980s, the first star to emerge from the  scene was singer . Popular Italian metal bands such as , , , , and  are also seen as pioneers of various heavy metal subgenres.
Italy was also an important country in the development of  and , with , known for its futuristic sound and prominent use of synthesisers and , being one of the earliest electronic dance genres, as well as European forms of disco aside from  (which later went on to influence several genres such as  and ). By circa 1988, the genre had merged into other forms of European dance and electronic music, such as , which blended elements of Italo disco with traditional house music; its sound was generally uplifting, and made strong usage of piano melodies. Some bands of this genre are , , and . By the latter half of the 1990s, a subgenre of Eurodance known as  emerged. Taking influences from Italo disco and Italo house, Italo dance generally included synthesizer riffs, a melodic sound, and the usage of vocoders. Notable Italian DJs and remixers include  (member of the group ), , , and the trio .
Producers such as , who won three  and four  for his music, were highly influential in the development of . Today, Italian pop music is represented annually with the , which served as inspiration for the  song contest, and the  in . Singers such as , ,  winner , ,  and  have attained international acclaim.
The history of Italian cinema began a few months after the  began motion picture exhibitions. The first Italian film was a few seconds, showing  giving a blessing to the camera. The Italian film industry was born between 1903 and 1908 with three companies: the , the  and the . Other companies soon followed in Milan and in Naples. In a short time these first companies reached a fair producing quality, and films were soon sold outside Italy. Cinema was later used by , who founded Rome's renowned  studio for the production of Fascist propaganda until World War II.
After the war, Italian film was widely recognised and exported until an artistic decline around the 1980s.  from this period include , , , , ,  and ; some of these are recognised among the greatest and most influential filmmakers of all time. Movies include world cinema treasures such as , , ,  and . The mid-1940s to the early 1950s was the heyday of , reflecting the poor condition of post-war Italy.
As the country grew wealthier in the 1950s, a form of neorealism known as pink neorealism succeeded, and other , such as  followed as , were popular in the 1960s and 1970s. Actresses such as ,  and  achieved international stardom during this period. Erotic Italian thrillers, or , produced by directors such as  and  in the 1970s, also influenced the horror genre worldwide. In recent years, the Italian scene has received only occasional international attention, with movies like  directed by ,  with  and  directed by .
The aforementioned  studio is today the largest film and television production facility in continental Europe and the centre of the Italian cinema, where many of the biggest box office hits are filmed, and one of the biggest production communities in the world. In the 1950s, the number of international productions being made there led to Rome's being dubbed "". More than 3,000 productions have been made on its lot, of which 90 received an  nomination and 47 of these won it, from some cinema classics to recent rewarded features (such as , , , , , , and ).
Italy is the most awarded country at the  for , with 14 awards won, 3  and 31 . As of 2016, Italian films have also won 12  (the second-most of any country), 11  and 7 .
The most popular sport in Italy is . Italy's  is one of the world's most successful teams with four  victories (1934, 1938, 1982 and 2006). Italian clubs have won 48 major European trophies, making Italy the . Italy's top-flight club football league is named  and is followed by millions of fans around the world.
Other popular team sports in Italy include ,  and . Italy's  and  national volleyball teams are often . The 's best results were gold at  and , as well as silver at the Olympics in .  is widely considered one of the most competitive in Europe.  enjoys a good level of popularity, especially in the north of the country. Italy's  competes in the , and is a regular at the . Italy ranks as a tier-one nation by . The  won three consecutive  (in 1990, 1994, and 1998) and earned the  silver medal in 1996, 2004, and 2016.
Italy has a long and successful tradition in individual sports as well.  is a very familiar sport in the country. Italians have won the  , except . The  is a cycling race held every May, and constitutes one of the three , along with the  and the , each of which last approximately three weeks.  is also a very widespread sport in Italy, and the country is a popular international skiing destination, known for its ski resorts. Italian skiers achieved good results in , , and .  has a significant following in Italy, ranking as the fourth most practised sport in the country. The , founded in 1930, is one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world. Italian professional tennis players won the  in 1976 and the  in 2006, 2009, 2010 and 2013.  are also extremely popular in Italy. Italy has won, by far, . Italian  is the oldest surviving team in  racing, having competed since 1948, and statistically the  with a record of 232 wins.
Historically, Italy has been successful in the , taking part from the  and in 47 Games out of 48.  have won 522 medals at the , and another 106 at the , for a combined total of 628 medals with 235 golds, which makes them the  for total medals. The country hosted two Winter Olympics and will host a third (in , , and ), and one Summer games (in ).
Italian fashion has , and is regarded as one most important in the world. Milan, Florence and Rome are Italy's main . According to  2013 by , Rome ranked sixth worldwide when Milan was twelfth. Major Italian fashion labels, such as , , , , , , , , , , , and , to name a few, are regarded as among the finest fashion houses in the world. Also, the fashion magazine , is considered one of the most prestigious fashion magazines in the world.
Italy is also prominent in the field of design, notably interior design, ,  and . The country has produced some well-known furniture designers, such as  and , and Italian phrases such as  and  have entered the vocabulary of furniture design. Examples of classic pieces of Italian  and pieces of furniture include 's  and , the "New Tone" sofas by Atrium, and the post-modern bookcase by Ettore Sottsass, inspired by 's song "". Today,  and  are the nation's leaders in  and . The city of Milan hosts , Europe's largest design fair. Milan also hosts major design and architecture-related events and venues, such as the "" and the , and has been home to the designers , ,  and .
The Italian  has developed through centuries of social and political changes, with  as far back as the 4th century BC. Italian cuisine in itself takes heavy influences, including , , , , and . Significant changes occurred with the discovery of the  with the introduction of items such as , ,  and , now central to the cuisine but not introduced in quantity until the 18th century. Italian cuisine is noted for its regional diversity, abundance of difference in taste, and is known to be one of the most popular in the world, wielding strong influence abroad.
The  forms the basis of Italian cuisine, rich in , fish, fruits and vegetables and characterised by its extreme simplicity and variety, with many dishes having only four to eight ingredients. Italian cooks rely chiefly on the quality of the ingredients rather than on elaborate preparation. Dishes and recipes are often derivatives from local and familial tradition rather than created by , so many recipes are ideally suited for , this being one of the main reasons behind the ever-increasing worldwide popularity of Italian cuisine, from America to Asia. Ingredients and dishes vary widely by .
A key factor in the success of Italian cuisine is its heavy reliance on traditional products; Italy has the most  protected under . ,  and  are a major part of Italian cuisine, with many regional declinations and  or  labels, and along with  (especially ) make up a very important part of the Italian  culture. Desserts have a long tradition of merging local flavours such as ,  and  with sweet cheeses like  and  or exotic tastes as cocoa, vanilla and cinnamon. ,  and  are among the most famous examples of Italian desserts, cakes and patisserie.
Public holidays celebrated in Italy include religious, national and regional observances. Italy's National Day, the  () is celebrated on 2 June each year, and commemorates the  in 1946.
The , which take place on 13 December, is very popular among children in some Italian regions, where she plays a role similar to Santa Claus. In addition, the  in Italy is associated with the  figure of the , a broomstick-riding old woman who, in the night between 5 and 6 January, bringing good children gifts and sweets, and bad ones charcoal or bags of ashes. The  coincides with  on 15 August, the summer vacation period which may be a long weekend or most of the month. Each city or town also celebrates a public holiday on the occasion of the festival of the local patron saint, for example: Rome on 29 June () and Milan on 7 December ().
There are many festivals and festivities in Italy. Some of them include the  horse race,  rites,  of Arezzo,  in Gubbio,  in Foligno, and the . In 2013,  has included among the  some Italian festivals and  (in Italian "macchine a spalla"), such as the , the  in , the Festa dei Gigli in , and  in .
Other festivals include the  in , , , , and , mostly known for its . The prestigious , awarding the "" and held annually since 1932, is the oldest film festival in the world.




– in  (light green & dark grey)– in the  (light green)  –  [] (:   ), officially the  (Italian:  ),  is a  consisting of a  delimited by the  and surrounded by . Italy is located in , and it is also considered a part of . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km (116,350 sq mi) and shares  with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, and the  microstates of  and . Italy has a territorial  in Switzerland () and a maritime exclave in the  (). With around 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the .
Due to its central geographic location in  and , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures. In addition to the  dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy, the most predominant being the   who gave the peninsula its name, beginning from the  era,  and  founded colonies mostly in ,  established settlements in the so-called  of , while  and  inhabited  and  Italy respectively. An Italic tribe known as the  formed the  in the 8th century BC, which eventually became a  with a government of the . The Roman Republic initially  and  its neighbours on the Italian peninsula, eventually  parts of ,  and  . By the first century BC, the  emerged as the dominant power in the  and became a  , inaugurating the , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy's , , , , and  developed. Italy remained the  of the Romans and the  of the empire, whose  can also be observed in the global distribution of culture, governments,  and the .
During the , Italy endured  and , but by the 11th century, numerous rival  and , mainly in the northern and central regions of Italy, rose to great prosperity through trade, commerce and banking, laying the groundwork for modern . These mostly independent statelets served as Europe's main trading hubs with Asia and the Near East, often enjoying a greater degree of democracy than the larger  monarchies that were consolidating throughout Europe; however, part of central Italy was under the control of the  , while  remained largely feudal until the 19th century, partially as a result of a succession of , , , ,  and other foreign conquests of the region. The  began in Italy and spread to the rest of Europe, bringing a renewed interest in , ,  and . Italian culture flourished, producing famous scholars, artists and . During the Middle Ages, Italian explorers discovered new routes to the  and the , helping to usher in the European . Nevertheless, Italy's commercial and political power significantly waned with the opening of trade routes that bypassed the Mediterranean. Centuries of rivalry and infighting between the Italian city-states, such as the  of the 15th and 16th centuries, left Italy fragmented and several Italian states were conquered and further divided by multiple European powers over the centuries.
By the mid-19th century, rising  and calls for independence from foreign control led to a period of revolutionary political upheaval. After centuries of foreign domination and political division,  in 1861, establishing the  as a . From the late 19th century to the early 20th century, Italy rapidly industrialised, namely in the north, and acquired a , while  remained largely impoverished and , fuelling a large and influential . Despite being one of the  in , Italy entered a period of economic crisis and social turmoil, leading to the rise of a  dictatorship in 1922. Participation in  on the  side ended in military defeat, economic destruction and the . Following the  and the rise of the , the country abolished the , established a democratic Republic and enjoyed a prolonged , becoming a highly .
Today, Italy is considered to be one of the world's most culturally and economically advanced countries, with the world's  by nominal GDP (third in the ), sixth-largest  and third-largest central bank . It ranks very highly in , quality of life, , and education. The country plays a prominent role in regional and global economic, military, cultural and diplomatic affairs; it is both a  and a , and is ranked the world's . Italy is a  and  member of the  and a member of numerous international institutions, including the , , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , , the  and . The country has long been a global centre of , , , , , and , and has greatly influenced and contributed to diverse fields including , , , jurisprudence, banking and business. As a reflection of its  wealth, Italy is home to the world's  of  (), and is the .

Hypotheses for the etymology of the name "Italia" are numerous. One is that it was borrowed via  from the   'land of calves' (   "calf",   "calf"). Greek historian  states this account together with the legend that Italy was named after , mentioned also by  and .
According to , the term Italy was used by the Greeks to initially refer only to the southern portion of the Bruttium peninsula corresponding to the modern province of  and part of the provinces of  and  in . Nevertheless, by his time the larger concept of  and "Italy" had become synonymous and the name also applied to most of  as well. According to 's , before the expansion of the , the name was used by Greeks to indicate the land between the  and the line connecting the  and , corresponding roughly to the current region of . The Greeks gradually came to apply the name "Italia" to a larger region In addition to the "Greek Italy" in the south, historians have suggested the existence of an "Etruscan Italy" covering variable areas of central Italy.
The borders of Roman Italy, , are better established. Cato's , the first work of  composed in , described Italy as the entire peninsula south of the . According to Cato and several Roman authors, the Alps formed the "walls of Italy". In 264 BC, Roman Italy extended from the  and  rivers of the centre-north to the entire south. The northern area of  was occupied by Rome in the 220s BC and became considered geographically and  part of Italy, but remained politically and  separated. It was legally merged into the administrative unit of Italy in 42 BC by the triumvir  as a ratification of 's unpublished acts (). The islands of Sardinia, Corsica, Sicily and Malta were added to Italy by  in 292 AD.
Thousands of -era artifacts have been recovered from  and dated to around 850,000 years before the present, making them the oldest evidence of first hominins habitation in the peninsula.
Excavations throughout Italy revealed a  presence dating back to the Palaeolithic period some 200,000 years ago, while  appeared about 40,000 years ago at . Archaeological sites from this period include , , , and .
The  of pre-Roman Italy – such as the , the  (from which the  emerged), , , , , the , the , the  and many others – were  peoples, most of them specifically of the  group. The main historic peoples of possible non-Indo-European or  heritage include the  of central and northern Italy, the  and the  in Sicily, and the  , who gave birth to the . Other ancient populations being of undetermined language families and of possible non-Indo-European origin include the  and , known for their , the largest collections of prehistoric petroglyphs in the world. A well-preserved natural mummy known as , determined to be 5,000 years old (between 3400 and 3100 BCE, Copper Age), was discovered in the Similaun glacier of  in 1991.
The first foreign colonizers were the , who initially established colonies and founded various emporiums on the coasts of Sicily and Sardinia. Some of these soon became small urban centres and were developed parallel to the Greek colonies; among the main centres there were the cities of , Zyz (modern ),  in Sicily and , , and  in Sardinia.
Between the 17th and the 11th centuries BC  established contacts with Italy and in the 8th and 7th centuries BC a number of  were established all along the coast of Sicily and the southern part of the Italian Peninsula, that became known as . The Greek colonization placed the Italic peoples in contact with democratic government forms and with elevated artistic and cultural expressions.
, a settlement around a ford on the river  in central Italy conventionally  in 753 BC, was ruled for a period of 244 years by a  system, initially with sovereigns of  and  origin, later by Etruscan kings. The tradition handed down seven kings: , , , , ,  and . In 509 BC, the Romans  from their city, favouring a government of the  (SPQR) and establishing an .
The Italian Peninsula, named , was consolidated into a single entity during the Roman  and conquest of new lands at the expense of the , , , and . A  with most of the local tribes and cities was formed, and Rome began the conquest of Western Europe, Northern Africa and the . In the wake of 's rise and  in the first century BC, Rome grew over the course of centuries into a massive  stretching from  to the borders of , and engulfing the whole  basin, in which Greek and Roman and many other cultures merged into a unique . The long and triumphant reign of the first emperor, , began a golden age of peace and prosperity. Italy remained the metropole of the empire, and as the homeland of the Romans and the territory of the capital, maintained a special status which made it "not a province, but the  (ruler) of the ". More than  followed, during which Italy was referred to as the  (queen of the world) and  (motherland of all lands).
The Roman Empire was among the most powerful economic, cultural, political and military forces in the world of its time, and it was one of the . At its height under , it covered 5 million square kilometres. The Roman  has deeply influenced the Western civilisation, shaping most of the modern world; among the many legacies of Roman dominance are the widespread use of the  derived from Latin, the , the modern Western  and , and the emergence of Christianity as a major world religion. The , beginning around the 1st century BCE, testifies to extensive Roman trade in far away regions; many reminders of the commercial trade between the  and Italy have been found, such as the ivory statuette  from the ruins of .
In a slow  since the third century AD, the Empire split in two in 395 AD. The , under the pressure of the , eventually dissolved in 476 AD when its last emperor, , was deposed by the Germanic chief . The  half of the Empire survived for another thousand years.
After the , Italy fell under the power of Odoacer's , and, later, was seized by the , followed in the 6th century by a brief  under  Emperor . The invasion of another , the , late in the same century, reduced the Byzantine presence to the rump realm of the  and started the end of political unity of the peninsula for the next 1,300 years. Invasions of the peninsula caused a chaotic succession of barbarian kingdoms and the so-called "". The Lombard kingdom was subsequently absorbed into the  by  in the late 8th century. The Franks also helped the formation of the  in central Italy. Until the 13th century, Italian politics was dominated by the relations between the  and the Papacy, with most of the Italian city-states siding with the former () or with the latter () from momentary convenience.
The Germanic Emperor and the Roman Pontiff became the  of medieval Europe. However, the conflict for the  (a conflict over two radically different views of whether secular authorities such as kings, counts, or dukes, had any legitimate role in appointments to ecclesiastical offices) and the clash between Guelphs and Ghibellines led to the end of the Imperial-feudal system in the north of Italy where city-states gained independence. It was during this chaotic era that Italian towns saw the rise of a peculiar institution, the . Given the power vacuum caused by extreme territorial fragmentation and the struggle between the Empire and the , local communities sought autonomous ways to maintain law and order. The investiture controversy was finally resolved by the . In 1176 a league of city-states, the , defeated the German emperor  at the , thus ensuring effective independence for most of northern and central Italian cities.
Italian city-states such as Milan, Florence and Venice played a crucial innovative role in financial development, devising the main instruments and practices of banking and the emergence of new forms of social and economic organization. In coastal and southern areas, the  grew to eventually dominate the Mediterranean and monopolise trade routes to the . They were independent thalassocratic city-states, though most of them originated from territories once belonging to the Byzantine Empire. All these cities during the time of their independence had similar systems of government in which the merchant class had considerable power. Although in practice these were oligarchical, and bore little resemblance to a modern , the relative political freedom they afforded was conducive to academic and artistic advancement. The four best known maritime republics were , ,  and ; the others were , , , and . Each of the maritime republics had dominion over different overseas lands, including many Mediterranean islands (especially Sardinia and Corsica), lands on the Adriatic, Aegean, and Black Sea (Crimea), and commercial colonies in the Near East and in North Africa. Venice maintained enormous tracts of land in Greece, Cyprus, Istria and Dalmatia until as late as the mid-17th century.
Venice and Genoa were Europe's main gateway to trade with the East, and a producer of fine glass, while  was a capital of silk, wool, banks and jewellery. The wealth such business brought to Italy meant that large public and private artistic projects could be commissioned. The republics were heavily involved in the , providing support and transport, but most especially taking advantage of the political and trading opportunities resulting from these wars. Italy first felt huge economic changes in Europe which led to the : the Republic of Venice was able to  and finance the voyages of  to Asia; the first universities were formed in Italian cities, and scholars such as  obtained international fame;  made Italy the political- of a reign that temporarily included the Holy Roman Empire and the ; capitalism and banking families emerged in Florence, where  and  were active around 1300.
In the south, Sicily had become an  in the 9th century, thriving until the  conquered it in the late 11th century together with most of the Lombard and Byzantine principalities of southern Italy. Through a complex series of events, southern Italy developed as a unified kingdom, first under the , then under the  and, from the 15th century, the House of Aragon. In , the former Byzantine provinces became independent states known in Italian as , although some parts of the island fell under Genoese or Pisan rule until the eventual Aragonese annexation in the 15th century. The   of 1348 left its mark on Italy by killing perhaps one third of the population. However, the recovery from the plague led to a resurgence of cities, trade and economy which allowed the bloom of  and , that later spread to Europe.
Italy was the birthplace and heart of the  during the 1400s and 1500s. The  marked the transition from the medieval period to the modern age as Europe  recovered, economically and culturally, from the crises of the  and entered the . The Italian polities were now regional states effectively ruled by ,  monarchs in control of trade and administration, and their courts became major centres of  and . The Italian princedoms represented a first form of modern states as opposed to feudal monarchies and multinational empires. The princedoms were led by political dynasties and merchant families such as the  in , the  and  in the , the  in the , the  and  in the , the  in , and the  in . The Renaissance was therefore a result of the great wealth accumulated by Italian merchant cities combined with the  of its dominant families. Italian Renaissance exercised a dominant influence on subsequent European painting and sculpture for centuries afterwards, with artists such as , , , , , , , and , and architects such as , , , and .
Following the conclusion of the  in favor of Rome at the  (1415–1417), the new Pope  returned to the  after a three years-long journey that touched many Italian cities and restored Italy as the sole centre of Western Christianity. During the course of this voyage, the  was made the official credit institution of the Papacy and several significant ties were established between the Church and the new political dynasties of the peninsula. The Popes' status as elective monarchs turned the  and  of the Renaissance into political battles between the courts of Italy for primacy in the peninsula and access to the immense resources of the . In 1439,  and the Byzantine Emperor  signed a reconciliation agreement between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church at the  hosted by . In 1453, Italian forces under  were sent by  to defend the  but the decisive battle was lost to the more advanced Turkish army equipped with cannons, and  to Sultan .
The fall of Constantinople led to the migration of  and texts to Italy, fueling the rediscovery of Greco-Roman .  Humanist rulers such as  and  worked to establish  where , and therefore founded  and  respectively.  wrote the , considered the manifesto of , in which he stressed the importance of  in human beings. The humanist historian  was the first to divide human history in three periods: Antiquity, Middle Ages and Modernity. The second consequence of the Fall of Constantinople was the beginning of the .
Italian  and navigators from the dominant maritime republics, eager to find an alternative route to the Indies in order to bypass the Ottoman Empire, offered their services to monarchs of Atlantic countries and played a key role in ushering the  and the European colonization of the Americas. The most notable among them were: , colonizer in the name of Spain, who is credited with discovering the New World and the opening of the Americas for conquest and settlement by Europeans; , sailing for England, who was the first European to set foot in "New Found Land" and explore parts of the North American continent in 1497; , sailing for Portugal, who first demonstrated in about 1501 that the New World (in particular Brazil) was not Asia as initially conjectured, but a fourth continent previously unknown to people of the Old World (America is named after him); and , at the service of France, renowned as the first European to explore the Atlantic coast of North America between Florida and New Brunswick in 1524;
Following the fall of Constantinople, the  came to an end and a defensive alliance known as  was formed between Venice, Naples, Florence, Milan, and the Papacy.  was the greatest Florentine patron of the Renaissance and supporter of the Italic League. He notably avoided the collapse of the League in the aftermath of the  and during the  by the Turks. However, the military campaign of  in Italy caused the end of the Italic League and initiated the  between the Valois and the Habsburgs. During the  of the 1500s, Italy was therefore both the main European battleground and the cultural-economic centre of the continent. Popes such as  (1503–1513) fought for the control of Italy against foreign monarchs, others such as  (1534–1549) preferred to mediate between the European powers in order to secure peace in Italy. In the middle of this conflict, the Medici popes  (1513–1521) and  (1523–1534) opposed the  and . The end of the wars ultimately left  indirectly subject to the Austrian Habsburgs and  under direct Spanish Habsburg rule.
The Papacy remained independent and launched the . Key events of the period include: the  (1545–1563); the excommunication of  (1570) and the  (1571), both occurring during the pontificate of ; the construction of the , the adoption of the , and the  of  under ; the ; the  and the execution of  in 1600, under ; the birth  of the  of the , of which the main figure was  (later put ); the final phases of the  (1618–1648) during the pontificates of  and ; and the formation of the last  by  during the 
The Italian economy declined during the 1600s and 1700s, as the peninsula was excluded from the rising . Following the European wars of succession of the 18th century, the south passed to a cadet branch of the Spanish Bourbons and the North fell under the influence of the Habsburg-Lorraine of Austria. During the , northern-central Italy was reorganised by Napoleon in a number of  of  and later as a   in  with the . The southern half of the peninsula was administered by , Napoleon's brother-in-law, who was crowned as . The 1814  restored the situation of the late 18th century, but the ideals of the  could not be eradicated, and soon re-surfaced during the  that characterised the first part of the 19th century.
The  was the result of efforts by Italian nationalists and monarchists loyal to the  to establish a united kingdom encompassing the entire . Following the  in 1815, the political and social  movement, or , emerged to unite Italy consolidating the different states of the peninsula and liberate it from foreign control. A prominent radical figure was the patriotic journalist , member of the secret revolutionary society  and founder of the influential political movement  in the early 1830s, who favoured a unitary republic and advocated a broad nationalist movement. His prolific output of propaganda helped the unification movement stay active.
The most famous member of Young Italy was the revolutionary and general , renowned for his extremely loyal followers, who led the Italian republican drive for unification in Southern Italy. However, the Northern Italy monarchy of the House of Savoy in the , whose government was led by , also had ambitions of establishing a united Italian state. In the context of the  that swept through Europe, an unsuccessful  was declared on . In 1855, the Kingdom of Sardinia became an ally of Britain and France in the , giving Cavour's diplomacy legitimacy in the eyes of the great powers. The Kingdom of Sardinia again attacked the Austrian Empire in the  of 1859, with the aid of , resulting in liberating .
In 1860–1861, Garibaldi led the drive for unification in Naples and Sicily (the ), while the House of Savoy troops occupied the central territories of the Italian peninsula, except Rome and part of Papal States.  was the site of the famous meeting of 26 October 1860  between Giuseppe Garibaldi and , last King of Sardinia, in which Garibaldi shook Victor Emanuel's hand and hailed him as King of Italy; thus, Garibaldi sacrificed republican hopes for the sake of Italian unity under a monarchy. Cavour agreed to include Garibaldi's Southern Italy allowing it to join the union with the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1860. This allowed the Sardinian government to declare a united Italian kingdom on 17 March 1861. Victor Emmanuel II then became the first king of a united Italy, and the capital was moved from Turin to Florence.
In 1866, Victor Emmanuel II allied with  during the , waging the  which allowed Italy to annexe . Finally, in 1870, as France abandoned its garrisons in Rome during the disastrous  to keep the large Prussian Army at bay, the Italians rushed to fill the power gap by . Italian unification was completed and shortly afterward Italy's capital was moved to Rome.  Victor Emmanuel, Garibaldi, Cavour and Mazzini have been referred as Italy's .
The new Kingdom of Italy obtained  status. The Constitutional Law of the Kingdom of Sardinia the  of 1848, was extended to the whole Kingdom of Italy in 1861, and provided for basic freedoms of the new State, but electoral laws excluded the non-propertied and uneducated classes from voting. The government of the new kingdom took place in a framework of parliamentary constitutional monarchy dominated by liberal forces. As  quickly industrialised, the South and rural areas of the North remained underdeveloped and overpopulated, forcing millions of people to migrate abroad and fuelling a large and influential . The  constantly increased in strength, challenging the traditional liberal and conservative establishment.
Starting from the last two decades of the 19th century, Italy developed into a  by forcing under its rule  and  in East Africa,  and  in North Africa (later unified in the colony of ) and the  islands. From 2 November 1899 to 7 September 1901, Italy also participated as part of the  forces during the  in China; on 7 September 1901, a  was ceded to the country, and on 7 June 1902, the concession was taken into Italian possession and administered by a . In 1913, male universal suffrage was adopted. The pre-war period dominated by , Prime Minister five times between 1892 and 1921, was characterized by the economic, industrial and political-cultural modernization of Italian society.
Italy, nominally allied with the  and the Empire of  in the , in 1915 joined the  into World War I with a  of substantial territorial gains, that included western , former ,  as well as parts of the . The country gave a fundamental contribution to the victory of the conflict as one of the "" top Allied powers. The war was initially inconclusive, as the Italian army got stuck in a long  in the Alps, making little progress and suffering very heavy losses. However, the reorganization of the army and the conscription of the so-called ' (, all males born in 1899 who were turning 18) led to more effective Italian victories in major battles, such as on  and in a series of battles on the . Eventually, in October 1918, the Italians launched a massive offensive, culminating in the victory of . The Italian victory marked the end of the war on the Italian Front, secured the dissolution of the  and was chiefly instrumental in  the First World War less than two weeks later.
During the war, more than 650,000 Italian soldiers and as many civilians died and the kingdom went to the brink of bankruptcy. Under the Peace Treaties of ,  and , Italy gained a permanent seat in the 's executive council and obtained most of the promised territories, but not Dalmatia (except ), allowing nationalists to define the victory as "". Moreover, Italy annexed the Hungarian harbour of , that was not part of territories promised at London but  after the end of the war by .
The  that followed the devastation of the Great War, inspired by the , led to counter-revolution and repression throughout Italy. The liberal establishment, fearing a Soviet-style revolution, started to endorse the small , led by . In October 1922 the  of the National Fascist Party attempted a   named the "" which failed but at the last minute, King  refused to proclaim a state of siege and appointed Mussolini prime minister. Over the next few years, Mussolini banned all political parties and curtailed personal liberties, thus forming a . These actions attracted international attention and eventually inspired similar dictatorships such as  and .
In 1935, Mussolini  and founded the , resulting in an international alienation and leading to Italy's withdrawal from the ; Italy  and the  and strongly supported  in the . In 1939, Italy , a  protectorate for decades. Italy entered World War II on 10 June 1940. After initially advancing in , , the  and eastern fronts, the Italians were defeated in East Africa,  and .
The , which ended fighting between Italy and Austria-Hungary at the end of World War I, resulted in Italian annexation of neighbouring parts of Yugoslavia. During the interwar period, the fascist Italian government undertook a campaign of  in the areas it annexed, which suppressed Slavic language, schools, political parties, and cultural institutions. During World War II,  included  and  by deportation of about 25,000 people, mainly Jews, Croats, and Slovenians, to the , such as , , ,  and elsewhere.
In Italy and Yugoslavia, unlike in Germany, few war crimes were prosecuted.  perpetrated their own crimes during and after the war, including the . Meanwhile, about 250,000 Italians and anti-communist Slavs fled to Italy in the .
An  began in July 1943, leading to the collapse of the Fascist regime and the fall of Mussolini on . Mussolini was deposed and arrested by order of King Victor Emmanuel III in co-operation with the majority of the members of the , which passed a motion of no confidence. On 8 September, Italy signed the , ending its war with the Allies. The Germans helped by the Italian fascists shortly succeeded in taking control of northern and central Italy. The country remained a  for the rest of the war, as the Allies were slowly moving up from the south.
In the north, the Germans set up the  (RSI), a Nazi  with Mussolini installed as leader after he was  by German paratroopers. Some Italian troops in the south were organized into the , which fought alongside the Allies for the rest of the war, while other Italian troops, loyal to Mussolini and his RSI, continued to fight alongside the Germans in the . As result, the country descended into . Also, the post-armistice period saw the rise of a large anti-fascist resistance movement, the , which fought a guerilla war against the German and RSI forces. In late April 1945, with total defeat looming, Mussolini attempted to escape north, but was captured and  near  by Italian partisans. His body was then taken to , where it was hung upside down at a service station for public viewing and to provide confirmation of his demise. Hostilities ended on 29 April 1945, when the German forces in Italy surrendered.  in the conflict, and the Italian economy had been all but destroyed; per capita income in 1944 was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.
Italy became a republic after a  held on 2 June 1946, a day celebrated since as . This was also the first time that Italian women were entitled to vote. 's son, , was forced to abdicate and exiled. The  was approved on 1 January 1948. Under the  of 1947, most of  was lost to  and, later, the  was divided between the two states. Italy also lost all of its colonial possessions, formally ending the . In 1950, Italian Somaliland was made a  under Italian administration until 1 July 1960.
Fears of a possible Communist takeover (especially in the United States) proved crucial for the first universal suffrage electoral outcome on , when the , under the leadership of , obtained a landslide victory. Consequently, in 1949 Italy became a member of . The  helped to revive the Italian economy which, until the late 1960s, enjoyed a period of sustained economic growth commonly called the "". In 1957, Italy was a founding member of the  (EEC), which became the  (EU) in 1993.
From the late 1960s until the early 1980s, the country experienced the , a period characterised by economic crisis (especially after the ), widespread social conflicts and terrorist massacres carried out by opposing extremist groups, with the alleged involvement of US and Soviet intelligence. The Years of Lead culminated in the assassination of the Christian Democrat leader  in 1978 and the  in 1980, where 85 people died.
In the 1980s, for the first time since 1945, two governments were led by non-Christian-Democrat premiers: one republican () and one socialist (); the Christian Democrats remained, however, the main government party. During Craxi's government, the economy recovered and Italy became the world's fifth largest industrial nation, after it gained the entry into the  Group in '70s. However, as a result of his spending policies, the Italian national debt skyrocketed during the Craxi era, soon passing 100% of the country's GDP.
Italy faced several terror attacks between 1992–93 perpetrated by the  as a consequence of several life sentences pronounced during the "", and of the new anti-mafia measures launched by the government. In 1992, two major dynamite attacks killed the judges  (23 May in the ) and  (19 July in the ). One year later (May–July 1993), tourist spots were attacked, such as the  in Florence,  in Milan, and the Piazza  and Via San Teodoro in Rome, leaving 10 dead and 93 injured and causing severe damage to cultural heritage such as the . The Catholic Church openly condemned the Mafia, and two churches were bombed and an anti-Mafia priest shot dead in Rome. Also in the early 1990s, Italy faced significant challenges, as voters – disenchanted with political paralysis, massive public debt and the extensive corruption system (known as ) uncovered by the  () investigation – demanded radical reforms. The scandals involved all major parties, but especially those in the government coalition: the Christian Democrats, who ruled for almost 50 years, underwent a severe crisis and eventually disbanded, splitting up into several factions. The Communists reorganised as a  force. During the 1990s and the 2000s,  (dominated by media magnate ) and  coalitions (led by university professor ) alternately governed the country.
In the late 2000s, Italy was severely hit by the . From 2008 to 2013, the country suffered 42 months of GDP recession. The economic crisis was one of the main problems that forced Berlusconi to  in 2011. The government of the conservative Prime Minister was replaced by the technocratic cabinet of . Following the , the Vice-Secretary of the   formed a  at the head of a right-left . In 2014, challenged by the new  of the PD , Letta resigned and was replaced by Renzi. The new government started important constitutional reforms such as the abolition of the  and a new electoral law. On 4 December the constitutional reform was rejected in a  and Renzi resigned after few days on 12 December; the Foreign Affairs Minister  was appointed new Prime Minister.
Italy was affected by the  in 2015 as it became the entry point and leading destination for most asylum seekers entering the EU. Since 2013, the country took in over 700,000 migrants and refugees, mainly from sub-Saharan Africa, which caused great strain on the public purse and a surge in the support for far-right, euroskeptic or eurocritical political parties, which ended in the . The election was characterized by a strong showing of the  and the  and the university professor  became the Prime Minister at the head of a  between these two parties. However, after only fourteen months the League withdrew its support to Conte, who formed a new unprecedented government coalition between the Five Star Movement and the centre-left.
Italy is located in  (it is also considered a part of ) between latitudes  and , and longitudes  and . To the north, Italy borders , , , and  and is roughly delimited by the , enclosing the  and the . To the south, it consists of the entirety of the  and the two  of  and  (the two  of the Mediterranean), in addition to many smaller islands. The sovereign states of  and the  are  within Italy, while  is an Italian  in Switzerland.
The country's total area is 301,230 square kilometres (116,306 sq mi), of which 294,020 km (113,522 sq mi) is land and 7,210 km (2,784 sq mi) is water. Including the islands, Italy has a coastline and border of 7,600 kilometres (4,722 miles) on the , ,  seas (740 km (460 mi)), and borders shared with France (488 km (303 mi)), Austria (430 km (267 mi)), Slovenia (232 km (144 mi)) and Switzerland (740 km (460 mi)). San Marino (39 km (24 mi)) and Vatican City (3.2 km (2.0 mi)), both enclaves, account for the remainder.
Over 35% of the Italian territory is mountainous. The  form the peninsula's backbone, and the  form most of its northern boundary, where Italy's highest point is located on  (4,810 m or 15,780 ft). Other worldwide-known mountains in Italy include the  (Monte Cervino), ,  in the West Alps, and ,  and  along the eastern side.
The , Italy's longest river (652 kilometres or 405 miles), flows from the Alps on the western border with France and crosses the  on its way to the . The Po Valley is the largest plain in Italy, with 46,000 km (18,000 sq mi), and it represents over 70% of the total plain area in the country.
Many elements of the Italian territory are of volcanic origin. Most of the small islands and archipelagos in the south, like , , , ,  and  are .
There are also active volcanoes:  in Sicily (the largest active volcano in Europe), , , and  (the only active volcano on mainland Europe).
The five largest lakes are, in order of diminishing size:  (367.94 km or 142 sq mi),  (212.51 km or 82 sq mi, whose minor northern part is Switzerland),  (145.9 km or 56 sq mi),  (124.29 km or 48 sq mi) and  (113.55 km or 44 sq mi).
Although the country includes the Italian peninsula, adjacent islands, and most of the southern Alpine basin, some of Italy's territory extends beyond the Alpine basin and some islands are located outside the  continental shelf. These territories are the  of: , , ,  (in part), , ,  (in part), which are all part of the , while the  constitutes part of the 's basin and the islands of  and  are on the African .
Four different seas surround the Italian Peninsula in the  from three sides: the  in the east, the  in the south, and the  and the  in the west.
Most of the  drain either into the Adriatic Sea, such as the , , , , , and , or into the Tyrrhenian, like the ,  and . The waters from some border municipalities ( in ,  and  in ) drain into the  through the basin of the , a  of the , and the waters from the  in Lombardy drain into the  through the basin of the .
In the north of the country are a number of subalpine moraine-dammed , the largest of which is  (370 km or 143 sq mi). Other well-known subalpine lakes are  (212.5 km or 82 sq mi), whose most northerly section is part of Switzerland,  (146 km or 56 sq mi), one of the  in Europe, , , , and . Other notable lakes in the Italian peninsula are , , , ,  and  in  and  in Sardinia.
The country is situated at the meeting point of the Eurasian Plate and the African Plate, leading to considerable  and . There are , four of which are active: , ,  and . The last is the only active volcano in mainland Europe and is most famous for the destruction of  and  in the . Several islands and hills have been created by volcanic activity, and there is still a large active , the  north-west of Naples.
The high volcanic and magmatic neogenic activity is subdivided into provinces:
Italy was the first country to exploit geothermal energy to produce electricity. The high geothermal gradient that forms part of the peninsula makes potentially exploitable also other provinces: research carried out in the 1960s and 1970s identifies potential geothermal fields in Lazio and Tuscany, as well as in most volcanic islands.
After its quick industrial growth, Italy took a long time to confront its environmental problems. After several improvements, it now ranks 84th in the world for ecological sustainability.  cover about 5% of the country. In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's leading producers of , ranking as the world's fourth largest holder of installed  capacity and the sixth largest holder of  capacity in 2010. Renewable energies now make up about 12% of the total primary and final energy consumption in Italy, with a future target share set at 17% for the year 2020.
However, air pollution remains a severe problem, especially in the industrialised north, reaching the tenth highest level worldwide of industrial carbon dioxide emissions in the 1990s. Italy is the twelfth largest  producer.
Extensive traffic and congestion in the largest metropolitan areas continue to cause severe environmental and health issues, even if smog levels have decreased dramatically since the 1970s and 1980s, and the presence of smog is becoming an increasingly rarer phenomenon and levels of  are decreasing.
Many watercourses and coastal stretches have also been contaminated by industrial and agricultural activity, while because of rising water levels,  has been regularly flooded throughout recent years. Waste from industrial activity is not always disposed of by legal means and has led to permanent health effects on inhabitants of affected areas, as in the case of the . The country has also operated several nuclear reactors between 1963 and 1990 but, after the  and a  the nuclear programme was terminated, a decision that was overturned by the government in 2008, planning to build up to four nuclear power plants with French technology. This was in turn struck down by a referendum following the .
Deforestation, illegal building developments and poor land-management policies have led to significant erosion all over Italy's mountainous regions, leading to major ecological disasters like the 1963  flood, the 1998  and 2009  .
Italy has the highest level of   in Europe, with over 57,000 species recorded, representing more than a third of all European fauna. Italy's varied geological structure contributes to its high climate and habitat diversity. The Italian peninsula is in the centre of the Mediterranean Sea, forming a corridor between central Europe and North Africa, and has 8,000 km (5,000 mi) of coastline. Italy also receives species from the Balkans, Eurasia, the Middle East. Italy's varied geological structure, including the Alps and the Apennines, Central Italian woodlands, and Southern Italian Garigue and Maquis shrubland, also contributes to high climate and habitat diversity.
Italian fauna includes 4,777  animal species, which include the , , , , , , , , , , and . There are 102  (most notably the , , , , , , , , and ), 516  and 56,213 invertebrate species.
The flora of Italy was traditionally estimated to comprise about 5,500  species. However, as of 2005, 6,759 species are recorded in the . Italy is a signatory to the  and the  both affording protection to Italian fauna and flora.
Because of the great longitudinal extension of the peninsula and the mostly mountainous internal conformation, the climate of Italy is highly diverse. In most of the inland northern and central regions, the climate ranges from  to  and . In particular, the climate of the  geographical region is mostly continental, with harsh winters and hot summers.
The coastal areas of ,  and most of the  generally fit the  stereotype ( Csa). Conditions on peninsular coastal areas can be very different from the interior's higher ground and valleys, particularly during the winter months when the higher altitudes tend to be cold, wet, and often snowy. The coastal regions have mild winters and warm and generally dry summers, although lowland valleys can be quite hot in summer. Average winter temperatures vary from 0  (32 ) on the Alps to
12 °C (54 °F) in Sicily, so average summer temperatures range from 20 °C (68 °F) to over 25 °C (77 °F). Winters can vary widely across the country with lingering cold, foggy and snowy periods in the north and milder, sunnier conditions in the south. Summers can be hot and humid across the country, particularly in the south while northern and central areas can experience occasional strong thunderstorms from spring to autumn.
Italy has been a   since 2 June 1946, when the monarchy was abolished by a . The  (), currently  since 2015, is Italy's . The President is elected for a single seven years mandate by the  and some regional voters in . Italy has a written democratic , resulting from the work of a  formed by the representatives of all the  forces that contributed to the defeat of Nazi and Fascist forces during the .
Italy has a parliamentary government based on a mixed  and majoritarian voting system. The parliament is perfectly : the two houses, the  that meets in , and the  that meets in , have the same powers. The Prime Minister, officially  (), is Italy's . The Prime Minister and the cabinet are appointed by the President of the Republic of Italy and must pass a vote of confidence in Parliament to come into office. To remain the Prime Minister  has to pass also eventual further votes of confidence or no confidence in Parliament.
The prime minister is the President of the  – which holds effective executive power – and he must receive a vote of approval from it to execute most political activities. The office is similar to those in most other , but the leader of the Italian government is not authorised to request the dissolution of the .
Another difference with similar offices is that the overall political responsibility for intelligence is vested in the President of the Council of Ministers. By virtue of that, the Prime Minister has exclusive power to: co-ordinate intelligence policies, determining the financial resources and strengthening national cyber security; apply and protect State secrets; authorise agents to carry out operations, in Italy or abroad, in violation of the law.
A peculiarity of the  is the representation given to  permanently living abroad: 12 Deputies and 6 Senators elected in four distinct . In addition, the Italian Senate is characterised also by a small number of , appointed by the President "for outstanding patriotic merits in the social, scientific, artistic or literary field". Former Presidents of the Republic are  life senators.
Italy's three major political parties are the , the  and the . During the 2018 general election these three parties won 614 out of 630 seats available in the Chamber of Deputies and 309 out of 315 in the Senate. Berlusconi's  which formed a centre-right coalition with 's  and Giorgia Meloni's  won most of the seats without getting the majority in parliament.  The rest of the seats were taken by , Matteo Renzi's  along with Achammer and Panizza's  &  in a centre-left coalition and the independent  party.
The Italian judicial system is based on  modified by the  and later statutes. The  is the highest court in Italy for both criminal and civil appeal cases. The  () rules on the conformity of laws with the constitution and is a post–World War II innovation. Since their appearance in the middle of the 19th century,  and criminal organisations have infiltrated the social and economic life of many regions in , the most notorious of which being the , which would later expand into some foreign countries including the United States. Mafia receipts may reach 9% of Italy's GDP.
A 2009 report identified 610  which have a strong Mafia presence, where 13 million Italians live and 14.6% of the Italian GDP is produced. The  , nowadays probably the most powerful crime syndicate of Italy, accounts alone for 3% of the country's GDP. However, at 0.013 per 1,000 people, Italy has only the 47th highest murder rate compared to 61 countries and the 43rd highest number of rapes per 1,000 people compared to 64 countries in the world. These are relatively low figures among developed countries.
The Italian law enforcement system is complex, with multiple police forces. The national policing agencies are the  (State Police), the , the  (Financial Guard), and the Polizia Penitenziaria (Prison Police), as well as the  ().
The  are a civil police supervised by the , while the  is a  supervised by the ; both share duties in law enforcement and the maintenance of public order. Within the Carabinieri is a unit devoted to combating . The  is responsible for combating  and , as well as . The  are responsible for guarding the prison system. The  (State Forestry Corps) formerly existed as a separate national  agency, but was merged into the Carabinieri in 2016. Although policing in Italy is primarily provided on a national basis, there also exists  () and  ().
Italy is a founding member of the  (EEC), now the  (EU), and of . Italy was admitted to the United Nations in 1955, and it is a member and a strong supporter of a wide number of international organisations, such as the  (OECD), the / (GATT/WTO), the  (OSCE), the , and the . Its recent or upcoming turns in the rotating presidency of international organisations include the  in 2018, the  in 2017 and the  from July to December 2014. Italy is also a recurrent  of the , the most recently in 2017.
Italy strongly supports multilateral international politics, endorsing the United Nations and its  activities. As of 2013, Italy was deploying 5,296 troops abroad, engaged in 33 UN and NATO missions in 25 countries of the world. Italy deployed troops in support of UN peacekeeping missions in , , and  and provides support for NATO and UN operations in ,  and . Italy deployed over 2,000 troops in  in support of  (OEF) from February 2003.
Italy supported international efforts to reconstruct and stabilise , but it had withdrawn its  of some 3,200 troops by 2006, maintaining only humanitarian operators and other civilian personnel.
In August 2006 Italy deployed about 2,450 troops in Lebanon for the United Nations'  mission . Italy is one of the largest financiers of the , contributing €60 million in 2013 alone.
The , ,  and  collectively form the , under the command of the Supreme Defence Council, presided over by the . Since 2005, military service is voluntary. In 2010, the Italian military had 293,202 personnel on active duty, of which 114,778 are Carabinieri. Total Italian military spending in 2010 ranked  in the world, standing at $35.8 billion, equal to 1.7% of national GDP. As part of  Italy also hosts 90 United States , located in the  and  air bases.
The Italian Army is the national ground defence force, numbering 109,703 in 2008. Its best-known combat vehicles are the  , the   and the  , and among its aircraft the  , in the last years deployed in EU, NATO and UN missions. It also has at its disposal many  and  armoured vehicles.
The  in 2008 had 35,200 active personnel with 85 commissioned ships and 123 aircraft. It is a . In modern times the Italian Navy, being a member of the EU and NATO, has taken part in many coalition peacekeeping operations around the world.
The  in 2008 had a strength of 43,882 and operated 585 aircraft, including 219 combat jets and 114 helicopters. A transport capability is guaranteed by a fleet of 27  and .
An autonomous corps of the military, the Carabinieri are the  and  of Italy, policing the military and civilian population alongside . While the different branches of the Carabinieri report to separate ministries for each of their individual functions, the corps reports to the Ministry of Internal Affairs when maintaining public order and security.
Italy is subdivided into 20 regions (), five of these regions having a  that enables them to enact legislation on some of their local matters. The country is further divided into 14 metropolitan cities () and 96 provinces (), which in turn are subdivided in 7,960 municipalities (2018) ().
Italy has a major advanced  , ranking as the third-largest in the  and the  in the world. A founding member of the , the  and the , it is regarded as one of the world's most industrialised nations and a leading country in . It is a highly , with the world's 8th highest  in 2005 and the 26th . The country is well known for its creative and innovative business, a large and competitive agricultural sector (with the world's largest wine production), and for its influential and high-quality automobile, machinery, food, design and fashion industry.
Italy is the world's sixth largest  country, characterised by a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size and many dynamic , notoriously clustered in several , which are the backbone of the . This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of  and luxury products, that if on one side is less capable to compete on the quantity, on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from China and other emerging Asian economies based on lower labour costs, with higher quality products. Italy was the world's 7th largest exporter in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. Its largest EU trade partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.9%), France (11.4%), and Spain (7.4%).
The  is a significant part of the Italian manufacturing sector, with over 144,000 firms and almost 485,000 employed people in 2015, and a contribution of 8.5% to Italian .  or FCA is currently the world's . The country boasts a wide range of acclaimed products, from very compact city cars to luxury supercars such as , , and , which was rated the world's most powerful brand by .
Italy is part of the European single market which represents more than 500 million consumers. Several domestic commercial policies are determined by agreements among European Union (EU) members and by EU legislation. Italy introduced the common European currency, the  in 2002. It is a member of the Eurozone which represents around 330 million citizens. Its monetary policy is set by the .
Italy has been hit hard by the , that exacerbated the country's structural problems. Effectively, after a strong GDP growth of 5–6% per year from the 1950s to the early 1970s, and a progressive slowdown in the 1980-90s, the country virtually stagnated in the 2000s. The political efforts to revive growth with massive government spending eventually produced a severe rise in , that stood at over 131.8% of GDP in 2017, ranking second in the EU only after the Greek one. For all that, the largest chunk of  is owned by national subjects, a major difference between Italy and Greece, and the level of  is much lower than the OECD average.
A gaping  is a major factor of socio-economic weakness. It can be noted by the huge difference in statistical income between the northern and southern regions and municipalities. The richest province, , earns 152% of the national GDP per capita, while the poorest region, Calabria, 61%. The  rate (11.1%) stands slightly above the Eurozone average, but the disaggregated figure is 6.6% in the North and 19.2% in the South. The  (31.7% in March 2018) is extremely high compared to EU standards.
Italy has a strong  sector, with the largest share of the population (4.5%) employed by a cooperative in the EU.
According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (−32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in ). The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size. Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded),  fields take up 31%,  orchards 8.2%,  5.4%,  orchards 3.8%,  1.7%, and  2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).
Italy is the , and one of the leading in , fruits (, , , , , , , , , , ,  and ), and vegetables (especially  and ). The most famous  are probably the   and the  . Other famous wines are , , , , , , and the   and .
Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and , are often protected under the quality assurance labels . This , which is attributed by the , is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced .
In 2004 the transport sector in Italy generated a turnover of about 119.4 billion euros, employing 935,700 persons in 153,700 enterprises. Regarding the national road network, in 2002 there were 668,721 km (415,524 mi) of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,487 km (4,031 mi) of motorways, state-owned but privately operated by . In 2005, about 34,667,000  (590 cars per 1,000 people) and 4,015,000 goods vehicles circulated on the national road network.
The , state-owned and operated by  (FSI), in 2008 totalled 16,529 km (10,271 mi) of which 11,727 km (7,287 mi) is electrified, and on which 4,802 locomotives and railcars run. The main public operator of high-speed trains is , part of FSI. Higher-speed trains are divided into three categories:  (English: ) trains operate at a maximum speed of 300 km/h on dedicated high-speed tracks;  (English: ) trains operate at a maximum speed of 250 km/h on both high-speed and mainline tracks; and  (English: ) trains operate on high-speed regional lines at a maximum speed of 200 km/h. Italy has 11 rail border crossings over the Alpine mountains with its neighbouring countries.
Italy is one of the countries with the most vehicles per capita, with 690 per 1000 people in 2010. The national inland  network comprised 2,400 km (1,491 mi)  of navigable rivers and channels for various types of commercial traffic in 2012.
Italy's largest airline is , which serves 97 destinations (as of October 2019) and also operates a regional subsidiary under the  brand. Italy's second largest airline is , which operates a network of domestic, European and long-haul destinations. The country also has  (such as ), low-cost carriers (including ), and Charter and leisure carriers (including ,  and . Major Italian cargo operators are  and .
Italy is the fifth in Europe by number of passengers by air transport, with about 148 million passengers or about 10% of the European total in 2011. In 2012 there were 130 airports in Italy, including the two  of  in Milan and  in Rome. In 2004 there were 43 major seaports, including the seaport of , the country's largest and second largest in the . In 2005 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.
Italy needs to import about 80% of its energy requirements.
Italy does not invest enough to maintain . The Galli Law, passed in 1993, aimed at raising the level of investment and to improve service quality by consolidating service providers, making them more efficient and increasing the level of cost recovery through tariff revenues. Despite these reforms, investment levels have declined and remain far from sufficient.
Through the centuries, Italy has fostered the scientific community that produced many major discoveries in physics and the other sciences. During the  Italian polymaths such as  (1452–1519),  (1475–1564) and  (1404–1472) made important contributions to a variety of fields, including biology, architecture, and engineering.  (1564–1642), a physicist, mathematician and astronomer, played a major role in the . His achievements include key improvements to the  and consequent astronomical observations, and ultimately the triumph of  over the .
Other astronomers suchs as  (1625–1712) and  (1835–1910) made many important discoveries about the . In mathematics,  (born Giuseppe Lodovico Lagrangia, 1736–1813) was active before leaving Italy.  (c. 1170 – c. 1250), and  (1501–1576) made fundamental advances in mathematics.  established  to the world. Physicist  (1901–1954), a Nobel prize laureate, led the team in Chicago that developed the  and is also noted for his many other contributions to physics, including the co-development of the  and was one of the key figures in the creation of the . He,  (1905–1989) who discovered the elements  and , and the ),  (1905–1993) a pioneer in Cosmic Rays and X-ray astronomy) and a number of Italian physicists were forced to leave Italy in the 1930s by ,.
Other prominent physicists include:  (most noted for his contributions to , in particular the  and the ),  (inventor of ),  (inventor of ),  (inventor of ),  and , pioneers of the induction motor, , pioneer of light bulb and , eclectic pioneer of auto and robotics,  (who discovered the ),  (1984 Nobel Prize in Physics for work leading to the discovery of the  at ).  is known for developing a voice-communication device which is often credited as the first .  in 1964 designed one of the first desktop , the . In biology,  has been the first to challenge the theory of spontaneous generation by demonstrating that maggots come from eggs of flies and he described 180 parasites in details and  founded ,  conducted important research in bodily functions, animal reproduction, and cellular theory, , whose many achievements include the discovery of the , paved the way to the acceptance of the ,  discovered the  (awarded 1986 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine). In chemistry,  received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1963 for his work on high .  received the  for the discovery of the  or pi- decay in 1947. , a  recipient in 1990, solved  about  and the  on the regularity of solutions of .
Italy is the fifth most visited country in the world, with a total of 52.3 million international arrivals in 2016. The total contribution of travel & tourism to GDP (including wider effects from investment, the supply chain and induced income impacts) was EUR162.7bn in 2014 (10.1% of GDP) and generated 1,082,000 jobs directly in 2014 (4.8% of total employment).
Italy is well known for its cultural and environmental tourist routes and is home to 55 , the most in the world.  is the 3rd most visited city in Europe and the 12th in the world, with 9.4 million arrivals in 2017 while  is the 27th worldwide with 6.8 million tourists. In addition,  and  are also among the world's top 100 destinations.
At the end of 2013, Italy had 60,782,668 inhabitants. The resulting population density, at 202 inhabitants per square kilometre (520/sq mi), is higher than that of most Western European countries. However, the distribution of the population is widely uneven. The most densely populated areas are the Po Valley (that accounts for almost a half of the national population) and the metropolitan areas of Rome and Naples, while vast regions such as the Alps and Apennines highlands, the plateaus of Basilicata and the island of Sardinia are very sparsely populated.
The population of Italy almost doubled during the 20th century, but the pattern of growth was extremely uneven because of large-scale internal migration from the rural South to the industrial cities of the North, a phenomenon which happened as a consequence of the  of the 1950–1960s. High fertility and birth rates persisted until the 1970s, after which they started to decline. The population rapidly ; by 2010, one in five Italians was over 65 years old, and the country currently has the fifth oldest population in the world, with a  of 45.8 years. However, in recent years Italy has experienced significant growth in birth rates. The total fertility rate has also climbed from an all-time low of 1.18 children per woman in 1995 to 1.41 in 2008,  albeit still below the  of 2.1 and considerably below the high of 5.06 children born per woman in 1883. Nevertheless, the  is expected to reach 1.6–1.8 in 2030.
From the late 19th century until the 1960s Italy was a country of mass . Between 1898 and 1914, the peak years of , approximately 750,000 Italians emigrated each year. The diaspora concerned more than 25 million Italians and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times. As a result, today more than 4.1 million Italian citizens are living abroad, while at least 60 million people of full or part Italian ancestry live outside of Italy, most notably in Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Venezuela, the United States, Canada, Australia and France.

Source:
In 2016, Italy had about 5.05 million foreign residents, making up 8.3% of the total population. The figures include more than half a million children born in Italy to foreign nationals (second generation immigrants) but exclude foreign nationals who have subsequently acquired Italian citizenship; in 2016, about 201,000 people became Italian citizens, compared to 130,000 in 2014. The official figures also exclude , who estimated to number at least 670,000 as of 2008.
Starting from the early 1980s, until then a linguistically and culturally homogeneous society, Italy begun to attract substantial flows of foreign immigrants. After the  and, more recently, the  and  enlargements of the European Union, large waves of migration originated from the former socialist countries of  (especially , ,  and ). An equally important source of immigration is neighbouring North Africa (in particular, , Egypt and ), with soaring arrivals as a consequence of the . Furthermore, in recent years, growing migration fluxes from Asia-Pacific (notably  and the ) and Latin America have been recorded.
Currently, about one million  citizens (around 10% of them being ethnic ) are officially registered as living in Italy, representing thus the most important individual country of origin, followed by  and  with about 500,000 people each. The number of unregistered Romanians is difficult to estimate, but the Balkan Investigative Reporting Network suggested in 2007 that there might have been half a million or more.
As of 2010, the foreign born population of Italy was from the following regions: Europe (54%), Africa (22%), Asia (16%), the Americas (8%) and Oceania (0.06%). The distribution of immigrants is largely uneven in Italy: 87% live in the northern and central parts of the country (the most economically developed areas), while only 13% live in the southern half.
Italy's official language is , as stated by the framework law no. 482/1999 and Trentino Alto-Adige's special Statute, which is adopted with a . There are an estimated 64 million native Italian speakers and another 21 million who use it as a second language. Italian is often natively spoken in a , not to be confused with Italy's regional and minority languages; however, the establishment of a national education system led to a decrease in variation in the languages spoken across the country during the 20th century. Standardisation was further expanded in the 1950s and 1960s due to economic growth and the rise of  and television (the state broadcaster  helped set a standard Italian).
Twelve "historical " () are formally recognised: , , , , , , , , , ,  and . Four of these also enjoy a co-official status in their respective region: French in the ; German in , and  as well in some parts of the same province and in parts of the neighbouring ; and  in the provinces of ,  and . A number of other Ethnologue, ISO and UNESCO languages are not recognised by Italian law. Like France, Italy has signed the , but has not ratified it.
Because of recent immigration, Italy has sizeable populations whose native language is not Italian, nor a regional language. According to the ,  is the most common mother tongue among foreign residents in Italy: almost 800,000 people speak Romanian as their first language (21.9% of the foreign residents aged 6 and over). Other prevalent mother tongues are  (spoken by over 475,000 people; 13.1% of foreign residents),  (380,000 people) and  (255,000 people).
In 2017, the proportion of Italians who identified themselves as  was 74.4%. Since 1985, it is no longer officially the .
The , the , contains the central government of the . It is recognised by other subjects of international law as a  entity, headed by the , who is also the , with which  can be maintained. Often incorrectly referred to as "the Vatican", the Holy See is not the same entity as the  State, which came into existence only in 1929.
In 2011, minority Christian faiths in Italy included an estimated 1.5 million Orthodox Christians, or 2.5% of the population; 500,000  and  (of whom 400,000 are members of the ), 251,192 , 30,000 Waldensians, 25,000 , 26,925 , 15,000 Baptists (plus some 5,000 Free Baptists), 7,000 , 4,000  ().
One of the longest-established minority religious faiths in Italy is , Jews having been present in  since before the birth of Christ. Italy has for centuries welcomed Jews expelled from other countries, notably Spain. However, about 20% of Italian Jews were killed during the . This, together with the emigration that preceded and followed World War II, has left only around 28,400 Jews in Italy.
Soaring immigration in the last two decades has been accompanied by an increase in non-Christian faiths. There are more than 800,000 followers of faiths originating in the Indian subcontinent with some 70,000  with 22  across the country,
The Italian state, as a measure to protect religious freedom, devolves shares of income tax to recognised religious communities, under a regime known as . Donations are allowed to Christian, Jewish, Buddhist and Hindu communities; however, Islam remains excluded, since no Muslim communities have yet signed a concordat with the Italian state. Taxpayers who do not wish to fund a religion contribute their share to the state welfare system.
Education in Italy is free and mandatory from ages six to sixteen, and consists of five stages: kindergarten (), primary school (),  (,  () and university ().
Primary education lasts eight years. Students are given a basic education in Italian, English, mathematics, natural sciences, history, geography, social studies, physical education and visual and musical arts. Secondary education lasts for five years and includes three traditional types of schools focused on different academic levels: the  prepares students for university studies with a classical or scientific curriculum, while the  and the  prepare pupils for vocational education. In 2012, the Italian secondary education was evaluated as slightly below the  average, with a strong and steady improvement in science and mathematics results since 2003; however, a wide gap exists between  schools, which performed significantly better than the national average (among the best in the world in some subjects), and schools in the , that had much poorer results.
Tertiary education in Italy is divided between , private universities and the prestigious and selective , such as the . 33 Italian universities were ranked among the world's top 500 in 2019, the third-largest number in Europe after the United Kingdom and Germany. , founded in 1088, is the , as well as one of the leading academic institutions in Italy and Europe. The , , , , , , and  are also ranked among the best in the world.
The Italian state runs a universal public healthcare system since 1978. However, healthcare is provided to all citizens and residents by a mixed public-private system. The public part is the , which is organised under the Ministry of Health and administered on a devolved regional basis. Healthcare spending in Italy accounted for 9.2% of the national GDP in 2012, very close the  countries' average of 9.3%. Italy in 2000 ranked as having the world's 2nd best healthcare system, and the world's .
Life expectancy in Italy is 80 for males and 85 for females, placing the country . In comparison to other Western countries, Italy has a relatively low rate of adult obesity (below 10%), as there are several health benefits of the . The proportion of daily smokers was 22% in 2012, down from 24.4% in 2000 but still slightly above the OECD average. Smoking in public places including bars, restaurants, night clubs and offices has been restricted to specially ventilated rooms since 2005. In 2013,  added the  to the  of Italy (promoter), , , , ,  and .
Divided by politics and geography for centuries until its eventual unification in 1861, Italy's culture has been shaped by a multitude of regional customs and local centres of power and . Italy has had a central role in Western culture for centuries and is still recognised for its cultural traditions and artists. During the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, a number of magnificent  competed for attracting the best architects, artists and scholars, thus producing a great legacy of monuments, paintings, music and literature. Despite the political and social isolation of these courts, Italy's contribution to the cultural and historical heritage of Europe and the world remain immense.
Italy has more   () than any other country in the world, and has rich collections of art, culture and literature from many periods. The country has had a broad cultural influence worldwide, also because numerous Italians emigrated to other places during the . Furthermore, Italy has, overall, an estimated 100,000 monuments of any sort (museums, palaces, buildings, statues, churches, art galleries, villas, fountains, historic houses and archaeological remains), and according to some estimates the nation is home to half the world's great art treasures.
Italy is known for its considerable architectural achievements, such as the construction of arches, domes and similar structures during , the founding of the  in the late-14th to 16th centuries, and being the homeland of , a style of construction which inspired movements such as that of , and influenced the designs which noblemen built their country houses all over the world, notably in the UK, Australia and the US during the late 17th to early 20th centuries.
Along with pre-historic architecture, the first people in Italy to truly begin a sequence of designs were the Greeks and the Etruscans, progressing to classical Roman, then to the revival of the classical Roman era during the Renaissance and evolving into the Baroque era. The Christian concept of a Basilica, a style of church architecture that came to dominate the early Middle Ages, was invented in Rome. They were known for being long, rectangular buildings, which were built in an almost ancient Roman style, often rich in mosaics and decorations. The early Christians' art and architecture was also widely inspired by that of the pagan Romans; statues, mosaics and paintings decorated all their churches. The first significant buildings in the medieval Romanesque style were churches built in Italy during the 800's. Byzantine architecture was also widely diffused in Italy. The Byzantines kept Roman principles of architecture and art alive, and the most famous structure from this period is the  in Venice.
The Romanesque movement, which went from approximately 800 AD to 1100 AD, was one of the most fruitful and creative periods in Italian architecture, when several masterpieces, such as the Leaning Tower of Pisa in the , and the  in Milan were built. It was known for its usage of the Roman arches, stained glass windows, and also its curved columns which commonly featured in cloisters. The main innovation of Italian Romanesque architecture was the vault, which had never been seen before in the history of Western architecture.
The greatest flowering of Italian architecture took place during the Renaissance.  made great contributions to architectural design with his dome for the Cathedral of Florence, a feat of engineering that had not been accomplished since antiquity. A popular achievement of Italian Renaissance architecture was St. Peter's Basilica, originally designed by  in the early 16th century. Also, Andrea Palladio influenced architects throughout western Europe with the villas and palaces he designed in the middle and late 16th century; the city of , with its twenty-three buildings designed by Palladio, and twenty-four  are listed by UNESCO as part of a World Heritage Site named .
The Baroque period produced several outstanding Italian architects in the 17th century, especially known for their churches. The most original work of all late Baroque and Rococo architecture is the , dating back to 18th century.  began in 1752 the construction of the . In this large complex, the grandiose Baroque style interiors and gardens are opposed to a more sober building envelope. In the late 18th and early 19th centuries Italy was affected by the Neoclassical architectural movement. Everything from villas, palaces, gardens, interiors and art began to be based on Roman and Greek themes.
During the Fascist period, the so-called "" flourished, based on the rediscovery of imperial Rome, with figures such as  and . , responsible for the urban transformations of several cities in Italy and remembered for the disputed  in Rome, devised a form of simplified Neoclassicism.
The history of Italian visual arts is significant to the history of .  was influenced by Greece and can in part be taken as a descendant of ancient Greek painting. Roman painting does have its own unique characteristics. The only surviving Roman paintings are wall paintings, many from villas in , in Southern Italy. Such paintingS can be grouped into four main "styles" or periods and may contain the first examples of , pseudo-perspective, and pure landscape.
Panel painting becomes more common during the  period, under the heavy influence of Byzantine icons. Towards the middle of the 13th century,  and  became more realistic, with the beginnings of interest in the depiction of volume and perspective in Italy with  and then his pupil . From Giotto onwards, the treatment of composition by the best painters also became much more free and innovative. The two are considered to be the two great medieval masters of painting in western culture.
The  is said by many to be the  of painting; roughly spanning the 14th through the mid-17th centuries with a significant influence also out of the borders of modern Italy. In Italy artists like , , , , , , , , , , , , , and  took painting to a higher level through the use of , the study of  and proportion, and through their development of an unprecedented refinement in drawing and painting techniques. Michelangelo was an active sculptor from about 1500 to 1520, and his great masterpieces including his , , . Other prominent Renaissance sculptors include , , ,  and .
In the 15th and 16th centuries, the  gave rise to a stylised art known as . In place of the balanced compositions and rational approach to perspective that characterised art at the dawn of the 16th century, the Mannerists sought instability, artifice, and doubt. The unperturbed faces and gestures of  and the calm Virgins of Raphael are replaced by the troubled expressions of  and the emotional intensity of .
In the 17th century, among the greatest painters of  are , , , ,  and . Subsequently, in the 18th century,  was mainly inspired by French Rococo, since France was the founding nation of that particular style, with artists such as  and . Italian Neoclassical sculpture focused, with 's nudes, on the idealist aspect of the movement.
In the 19th century, major Italian  painters were ,  and .  was brought from France to Italy by the , led by , and ;  by  and . In the 20th century, with , primarily through the works of  and , Italy rose again as a seminal country for artistic evolution in painting and sculpture. Futurism was succeeded by the metaphysical paintings of , who exerted a strong influence on the  and generations of artists to follow like  and .
Formal Latin literature began in 240 BC, when the first stage play was performed in Rome. Latin literature was, and still is, highly influential in the world, with numerous writers, poets, philosophers, and historians, such as , , , , ,  and . The Romans were also famous for their oral tradition, poetry, drama and epigrams. In early years of the 13th century, St.  was considered the first Italian poet by literary critics, with his religious song .
Another Italian voice originated in Sicily. At the court of Emperor Frederick II, who ruled the Sicilian kingdom during the first half of the 13th century, lyrics modelled on Provençal forms and themes were written in a refined version of the local vernacular. The most important of these poets was the notary , inventor of the  form, though the most famous early sonneteer was .
 is considered the founder of the , a school that added a philosophical dimension to traditional love poetry. This new understanding of love, expressed in a smooth, pure style, influenced  and the  poet , who established the basis of the modern ; his greatest work, the , is considered among the foremost literary statements produced in Europe during the ; furthermore, the poet invented the difficult . The two great writers of the 14th century, Petrarch and , sought out and imitated the works of antiquity and cultivated their own artistic personalities. Petrarch achieved fame through his collection of poems, . Petrarch's love poetry served as a model for centuries. Equally influential was Boccaccio's , one of the most popular collections of short stories ever written.
Italian Renaissance authors produced a number of important works. 's  is one of the world's most famous essays on political science and modern philosophy, in which the "effectual truth" is taken to be more important than any abstract ideal. Another important work of the period, 's , continuation of 's unfinished romance , is perhaps the greatest chivalry poem ever written. 's dialogue  describes the ideal of the perfect court gentleman and of spiritual beauty. The lyric poet  in  wrote a Christian epic, making use of the , with attention to the Aristotelian canons of unity.
 and , which have written  (1550–1555) and the  (1634) respectively, printed some of the first known versions of fairy tales in Europe. In the early 17th century, some literary masterpieces were created, such as 's long mythological poem, . The Baroque period also produced the clear scientific prose of  as well as 's , a description of a perfect society ruled by a philosopher-priest. At the end of the 17th century, the  began a movement to restore simplicity and classical restraint to poetry, as in 's heroic melodramas. In the 18th century, playwright  created full written plays, many portraying the middle class of his day.
The Romanticism coincided with some ideas of the , the patriotic movement that brought Italy political unity and freedom from foreign domination. Italian writers embraced Romanticism in the early 19th century. The time of Italy's rebirth was heralded by the poets , , and . The works by , the leading Italian Romantic, are a symbol of the Italian unification for their patriotic message and because of his efforts in the development of the modern, unified Italian language; his novel  was the first Italian historical novel to glorify Christian values of justice and Providence, and it has been called the most famous and widely read novel in the Italian language.
In the late 19th century, a realistic literary movement called  played a major role in Italian literature;  and  were its main exponents. In the same period, , writer of action adventure  and a pioneer of science fiction, published his  series. In 1883,  also published the novel , the most celebrated children's classic by an Italian author and the most translated non-religious book in the world. A movement called  influenced Italian literature in the early 20th century.  wrote , called for the use of language and metaphors that glorified the speed, dynamism, and violence of the machine age.
Modern literary figures and Nobel laureates are  from 1889 to 1910, nationalist poet  in 1906, realist writer  in 1926, modern theatre author  in 1936, short stories writer  in 1960, poets  in 1959 and  in 1975,  in 1980, and satirist and theatre author  in 1997.
Prominent  include , , , , and .
Italian theatre can be traced back to the Roman tradition. The  was a thriving and diverse art form, ranging from festival performances of street theatre, nude dancing, and acrobatics, to the staging of 's broadly appealing situation comedies, to the high-style, verbally elaborate tragedies of . Although Rome had a native tradition of performance, the  of  in the 3rd century BCE had a profound and energising effect on Roman theatre and encouraged the development of Latin literature of the highest quality for the stage. As with many other literary genres, Roman dramatists was heavily influenced or tended to adapt from the Greek. For example, Seneca's  was based on that of , and many of the comedies of  were direct translations of works by .
During the 16th century and on into the 18th century,  was a form of , and it is still performed today. Travelling troupes of players would set up an outdoor stage and provide amusement in the form of ,  and, more typically, humorous plays based on a repertoire of established characters with a rough storyline, called .  Plays did not originate from written drama but from scenarios called , which were loose frameworks that provided the situations, complications, and outcome of the action, around which the actors would improvise. The characters of the  usually represent fixed social types and , each of which has a distinct , such as foolish old men, devious servants, or military officers full of false . The main categories of these characters include servants, old men, lovers, and captains.
, who wrote a few scenarios starting in 1734, superseded the comedy of masks and the comedy of intrigue by representations of actual life and manners through the characters and their behaviours. He rightly maintained that Italian life and manners were susceptible of artistic treatment such as had not been given them before.
The  in Naples is the oldest continuously active venue for public opera in the world, opening in 1737, decades before both the Milan's  and Venice's  theatres.
From  to , music has always played an important role in Italian culture. Instruments associated with classical music, including the piano and violin, were invented in Italy, and many of the prevailing classical music forms, such as the , concerto, and , can trace their roots back to innovations of 16th- and 17th-century Italian music.
Italy's most famous composers include the  ,  and , the  ,  and , the  ,  and , and the   and . Modern Italian composers such as  and  proved significant in the development of  and . While the classical music tradition still holds strong in Italy, as evidenced by the fame of its innumerable opera houses, such as  of Milan and  of Naples (the oldest continuously active venue for public opera in the world), and performers such as the pianist  and tenor , Italians have been no less appreciative of their thriving contemporary music scene.
Italy is widely known for being the birthplace of opera.  was believed to have been founded in the early 17th century, in cities such as  and . Later, works and pieces composed by native Italian composers of the 19th and early 20th centuries, such as , , ,  and , are among the most famous operas ever written and today are performed in opera houses across the world. La Scala operahouse in Milan is also renowned as one of the best in the world. Famous Italian opera singers include  and .
Introduced in the early 1920s,  took a particularly strong foothold in Italy, and remained popular despite the xenophobic cultural policies of the Fascist regime. Today, the most notable centres of jazz music in Italy include Milan, Rome, and Sicily. Later, Italy was at the forefront of the  and pop movement of the 1970s, with bands like , , , , and . The same period saw diversification in the , and  films included complex scores by composers including , ,  and . In the early 1980s, the first star to emerge from the  scene was singer . Popular Italian metal bands such as , , , , and  are also seen as pioneers of various heavy metal subgenres.
Italy was also an important country in the development of  and , with , known for its futuristic sound and prominent use of synthesisers and , being one of the earliest electronic dance genres, as well as European forms of disco aside from  (which later went on to influence several genres such as  and ). By circa 1988, the genre had merged into other forms of European dance and electronic music, such as , which blended elements of Italo disco with traditional house music; its sound was generally uplifting, and made strong usage of piano melodies. Some bands of this genre are , , and . By the latter half of the 1990s, a subgenre of Eurodance known as  emerged. Taking influences from Italo disco and Italo house, Italo dance generally included synthesizer riffs, a melodic sound, and the usage of vocoders. Notable Italian DJs and remixers include  (member of the group ), , , and the trio .
Producers such as , who won three  and four  for his music, were highly influential in the development of . Today, Italian pop music is represented annually with the , which served as inspiration for the  song contest, and the  in . Singers such as , ,  winner , ,  and  have attained international acclaim.
The history of Italian cinema began a few months after the  began motion picture exhibitions. The first Italian film was a few seconds, showing  giving a blessing to the camera. The Italian film industry was born between 1903 and 1908 with three companies: the , the  and the . Other companies soon followed in Milan and in Naples. In a short time these first companies reached a fair producing quality, and films were soon sold outside Italy. Cinema was later used by , who founded Rome's renowned  studio for the production of Fascist propaganda until World War II.
After the war, Italian film was widely recognised and exported until an artistic decline around the 1980s.  from this period include , , , , ,  and ; some of these are recognised among the greatest and most influential filmmakers of all time. Movies include world cinema treasures such as , , ,  and . The mid-1940s to the early 1950s was the heyday of , reflecting the poor condition of post-war Italy.
As the country grew wealthier in the 1950s, a form of neorealism known as pink neorealism succeeded, and other , such as  followed as , were popular in the 1960s and 1970s. Actresses such as ,  and  achieved international stardom during this period. Erotic Italian thrillers, or , produced by directors such as  and  in the 1970s, also influenced the horror genre worldwide. In recent years, the Italian scene has received only occasional international attention, with movies like  directed by ,  with  and  directed by .
The aforementioned  studio is today the largest film and television production facility in continental Europe and the centre of the Italian cinema, where many of the biggest box office hits are filmed, and one of the biggest production communities in the world. In the 1950s, the number of international productions being made there led to Rome's being dubbed "". More than 3,000 productions have been made on its lot, of which 90 received an  nomination and 47 of these won it, from some cinema classics to recent rewarded features (such as , , , , , , and ).
Italy is the most awarded country at the  for , with 14 awards won, 3  and 31 . As of 2016, Italian films have also won 12  (the second-most of any country), 11  and 7 .
The most popular sport in Italy is . Italy's  is one of the world's most successful teams with four  victories (1934, 1938, 1982 and 2006). Italian clubs have won 48 major European trophies, making Italy the . Italy's top-flight club football league is named  and is followed by millions of fans around the world.
Other popular team sports in Italy include ,  and . Italy's  and  national volleyball teams are often . The 's best results were gold at  and , as well as silver at the Olympics in .  is widely considered one of the most competitive in Europe.  enjoys a good level of popularity, especially in the north of the country. Italy's  competes in the , and is a regular at the . Italy ranks as a tier-one nation by . The  won three consecutive  (in 1990, 1994, and 1998) and earned the  silver medal in 1996, 2004, and 2016.
Italy has a long and successful tradition in individual sports as well.  is a very familiar sport in the country. Italians have won the  , except . The  is a cycling race held every May, and constitutes one of the three , along with the  and the , each of which last approximately three weeks.  is also a very widespread sport in Italy, and the country is a popular international skiing destination, known for its ski resorts. Italian skiers achieved good results in , , and .  has a significant following in Italy, ranking as the fourth most practised sport in the country. The , founded in 1930, is one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world. Italian professional tennis players won the  in 1976 and the  in 2006, 2009, 2010 and 2013.  are also extremely popular in Italy. Italy has won, by far, . Italian  is the oldest surviving team in  racing, having competed since 1948, and statistically the  with a record of 232 wins.
Historically, Italy has been successful in the , taking part from the  and in 47 Games out of 48.  have won 522 medals at the , and another 106 at the , for a combined total of 628 medals with 235 golds, which makes them the  for total medals. The country hosted two Winter Olympics and will host a third (in , , and ), and one Summer games (in ).
Italian fashion has , and is regarded as one most important in the world. Milan, Florence and Rome are Italy's main . According to  2013 by , Rome ranked sixth worldwide when Milan was twelfth. Major Italian fashion labels, such as , , , , , , , , , , , and , to name a few, are regarded as among the finest fashion houses in the world. Also, the fashion magazine , is considered one of the most prestigious fashion magazines in the world.
Italy is also prominent in the field of design, notably interior design, ,  and . The country has produced some well-known furniture designers, such as  and , and Italian phrases such as  and  have entered the vocabulary of furniture design. Examples of classic pieces of Italian  and pieces of furniture include 's  and , the "New Tone" sofas by Atrium, and the post-modern bookcase by Ettore Sottsass, inspired by 's song "". Today,  and  are the nation's leaders in  and . The city of Milan hosts , Europe's largest design fair. Milan also hosts major design and architecture-related events and venues, such as the "" and the , and has been home to the designers , ,  and .
The Italian  has developed through centuries of social and political changes, with  as far back as the 4th century BC. Italian cuisine in itself takes heavy influences, including , , , , and . Significant changes occurred with the discovery of the  with the introduction of items such as , ,  and , now central to the cuisine but not introduced in quantity until the 18th century. Italian cuisine is noted for its regional diversity, abundance of difference in taste, and is known to be one of the most popular in the world, wielding strong influence abroad.
The  forms the basis of Italian cuisine, rich in , fish, fruits and vegetables and characterised by its extreme simplicity and variety, with many dishes having only four to eight ingredients. Italian cooks rely chiefly on the quality of the ingredients rather than on elaborate preparation. Dishes and recipes are often derivatives from local and familial tradition rather than created by , so many recipes are ideally suited for , this being one of the main reasons behind the ever-increasing worldwide popularity of Italian cuisine, from America to Asia. Ingredients and dishes vary widely by .
A key factor in the success of Italian cuisine is its heavy reliance on traditional products; Italy has the most  protected under . ,  and  are a major part of Italian cuisine, with many regional declinations and  or  labels, and along with  (especially ) make up a very important part of the Italian  culture. Desserts have a long tradition of merging local flavours such as ,  and  with sweet cheeses like  and  or exotic tastes as cocoa, vanilla and cinnamon. ,  and  are among the most famous examples of Italian desserts, cakes and patisserie.
Public holidays celebrated in Italy include religious, national and regional observances. Italy's National Day, the  () is celebrated on 2 June each year, and commemorates the  in 1946.
The , which take place on 13 December, is very popular among children in some Italian regions, where she plays a role similar to Santa Claus. In addition, the  in Italy is associated with the  figure of the , a broomstick-riding old woman who, in the night between 5 and 6 January, bringing good children gifts and sweets, and bad ones charcoal or bags of ashes. The  coincides with  on 15 August, the summer vacation period which may be a long weekend or most of the month. Each city or town also celebrates a public holiday on the occasion of the festival of the local patron saint, for example: Rome on 29 June () and Milan on 7 December ().
There are many festivals and festivities in Italy. Some of them include the  horse race,  rites,  of Arezzo,  in Gubbio,  in Foligno, and the . In 2013,  has included among the  some Italian festivals and  (in Italian "macchine a spalla"), such as the , the  in , the Festa dei Gigli in , and  in .
Other festivals include the  in , , , , and , mostly known for its . The prestigious , awarding the "" and held annually since 1932, is the oldest film festival in the world.

	
	
	



	
	
	
		From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
		
		
		
		
		
		
		This article is about the country. For other uses, see .
"Italia" redirects here. For other uses, see .

Country in southern Europe

Italian Republic  
        
            
            
        
        
            
            
        
      Location of Italy (dark green)and largest city (2017) (2018)•  •  •  •  • • •  •  •  •   • Total• Water (%)• 2020 estimate• 2011 census• Density• Total• Per capita• Total• Per capita• Summer ()







Main article: 


Main article: 

Main articles: , , , , and 
 fresco in the , 5th century BCThe  cave houses of  are among the first human settlements in Italy dating back to the Paleolithic.


Main article: 
Further information: , , and 
The  in Rome, built c. 70–80 AD, is considered one of the greatest works of  and  of ancient history.The  at its greatest extent, 117 AD


Main article: 
See also: 
  The , for centuries a symbol of the 

  , explorer of the 13th century, recorded his 24 years-long travels in the , introducing Europeans to Central Asia and China.

  A 14th century conflict between  factions as portrayed in the  by 

: Flag of the , displaying the coat of arms of , ,  and , the most prominent : Trade routes and colonies of the   and   empires


Main articles: , , and 
  The  before the beginning of the  in 1494

  , the quintessential , in a self-portrait (ca. 1512, , )

   leads an expedition to the New World, 1492.  are celebrated as the discovery of the Americas from a European perspective, and they opened a  in the history of humankind and sustained contact between the two worlds.


Main article: 
 , highly influential leader of the Italian revolutionary movement; and  , celebrated as one of the greatest generals of modern times and as the "Hero of the Two Worlds", who commanded and fought in many military campaigns that led to Italian unification

  Animated map of the Italian unification from 1829 to 1871


Main articles: , , and 
 and , leading figures in the Italian unification, became respectively the 1st king and 1st Prime Minister of Italy.

  The  in Rome, a national symbol of Italy celebrating the first king of the unified country, and resting place of the  since the end of World War I


Main articles: , , and 
  ,  of 

  Map of the  at its maximum extent, with colonies in light green and protectorates or occupied areas during  in grey


Main article: 
  ,  republican  and one of the 

  The signing ceremony of the  on 25 March 1957, creating the , forerunner of the present-day . Italy is a founding member of all EU institutions.


Main article: 
  Topographic map of Italy

 in , the highest point in the European Union landscape in , one of the five villages of the  on the  

 Natural Park in the , a 

See also:  and 
 in the  off the Flamingos in the delta of the 


See also: 
, one of the world's most active volcanoes, one of the world's most densely-populated volcanoes




See also:  and 
  National and regional parks in Italy

  , established in 1922, is the oldest Italian national park.


Main articles:  and 
  The , which inhabits the Apennines and Western Alps, features prominently in Latin and Italian cultures, such as in the legend of the .


Main article: 
See also:  and 
 map of Italy has a Mediterranean climate ( island pictured).


Main article: 




  The  is the lower house of Italy.


Main articles:  and 
  The 


Main article: 
  An  vehicle of the  corps


Main article: 
  Group photo of the  leaders at the  in 


Examples of Italy's military. Clockwise from top left: aircraft carrier ; two  operated by the ; tank destroyer ; and  from the 
Main article: 


Main articles: , , , and 

  Administrative regions of Italy



Main article: 
See also: 
   is a global financial centre and a  of the world.

  A . Italy maintains a large , and is the world's seventh largest exporter of goods.

  Italy is part of a monetary union, the  (dark blue) and of the .


Vineyards in the  region, Tuscany (left), and in  (right). Italy is the .


Main article: 
  '  high speed train, with a maximum speed of 400 km/h (249 mph), is the fastest train in Italy and Europe.
   Boeing 777 at 


This section .  
Main articles:  and 
  Clockwise from top: , inventor of the  and discoverer of ;, recognised as the Father of modern science, physics and observational astronomy;, inventor of the long-distance radio transmission;, creator of the first , the 


Main article: 
  The , a  , is one of Italy's major tourist destinations.


Main article: 
  Map of Italy's population density as of the 2011 census

   of Italy, 2017

  estimates for 31 December 2014




Main article: 
  Italy is home to a large population of migrants from Eastern Europe and North Africa.


Main articles: , , , and 
  Geographic distribution of the Italian language in the world:  Native language  Secondary or non-official language  Italian-speaking minorities

  The ethno-linguistic minorities officially recognised by Italy


Main article: 
Italy is home to many of the world's largest, oldest and opulent churches. Clockwise from left: , which has the biggest brick dome in the world; , the largest church of ; , the largest Italian church and the third largest in the world; and , one of the best known examples of Italo-



    




Main article: 
  , established in AD 1088, is the .


Main article: 
   and vegetables are central to the Mediterranean diet.


Main article: 
  


Main article: 
The city of , built on 117 islandsThe  and the  of 

The 


Main article: 
   (1494–1499), , Church of , Milan

  's  (1501–1504), , Florence

   (1484–1486), ,  Gallery, Florence


Main article: 

   shown holding a copy of the , next to the entrance to , the mount of  and the city of Florence, with the spheres of  above, in 's fresco, 1465

  , founder of modern political science and ethics

   is the world's most translated non-religious book and a canonical piece of children's literature.


Main article: 
See also: 
   opera house


Main article: 
  , Italian composer whose operas, including , ,  and , are among the most frequently worldwide performed in the 

  , considered one of the finest tenors of the 20th century and the "King of the ".

  , pioneer of  and , is known as the "Father of Disco."


Main article: 

  Entrance to  in Rome, the largest film studio in Europe


Main article: 
  The , here players of 2012, is the men's national football team.

  Starting in 1909, the  is the ' second oldest.

  A  by , the oldest surviving and   team


Main articles:  and 
   shop in Milan


Main article: 
  Clockwise from top left; some of the most popular Italian foods:  (),  (), , and 


See also: 
  The  is the oldest film festival in the world and one of the "" alongside  and .



















at Wikipedia's 







 

















 









 
Articles related to Italy








Special areas ofinternal sovereignty






Countries and territories of the 






  of the 




Members and Participants of the 

















































 and 


























		Retrieved from ""
		: Hidden categories: 
		
		
	

	

    
    
        

	
	


        
            
	
	


	
	
	


        
        
            
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
			
			
			
			
		


        
    
    
        
            
        
        

	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	



	
	
		
		
	


    

	
	
	
	
