https://myfox8.com/morning-show/whats-right-with-our-schools/south-graham-elementary-school-helps-kids-de-stress-with-panda-yoga/by: GRAHAM, N.C. — At South Graham Elementary School, they call it Panda Yoga. It is slow and relaxing and a time when students can forget what may be troubling them. Fourth grader Clarissa Gibson says it makes her day.  "I do like doing it because if I am mad or something, then when it is time to come in here, I'll come in here and all the stress is released," she said. School Social Worker Kerrie Ann Brown was searching for something that could help some of her students refocus some of their behavior, and yoga seems to work perfectly.  "Yoga helps them be able to slow their minds down a little bit and concentrate on breathing," Brown said. "We are really big on taking those deep breaths, because that's something they can do when they have conflict with classmates or at home if things get chaotic. They've learned to stop and breathe, and it gives them time to think, and then they can respond instead of just a quick reaction which might be a bad decision." The class is held once a week and is a reward of sorts for good behavior and classroom performance. It is so popular, she is adding a boy's yoga session this month and will expand the girl's program in the near future.  
				
		
		
	SOPHIA, N.C. — Tucked inside New Market Elementary School is a world of technology and students are exploring all of it they can."Technology is such a huge part of our world today, and so we really think that it's important, especially at this young age, to start exposing them to all different kinds of technologies so that they are ready when they get older to have a future of creativity and critical thinking, because those are the jobs that they are going to be going for," Betsey Altman, the technology teacher, said. "And so when we build those at this young age, they're only going to progress and learn more as they get older."WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. — When you walk through the doors of Atkins High School in Winston-Salem, you immediately notice it. Something they call the Atkins way.  LEXINGTON, N.C. — It is an experiment that ended in great success. Southwood Elementary School in Lexington has Davidson County's first Spanish Immersion program. by: GRAHAM, N.C. — At South Graham Elementary School, they call it Panda Yoga. It is slow and relaxing and a time when students can forget what may be troubling them. Fourth grader Clarissa Gibson says it makes her day.  "I do like doing it because if I am mad or something, then when it is time to come in here, I'll come in here and all the stress is released," she said. School Social Worker Kerrie Ann Brown was searching for something that could help some of her students refocus some of their behavior, and yoga seems to work perfectly.  "Yoga helps them be able to slow their minds down a little bit and concentrate on breathing," Brown said. "We are really big on taking those deep breaths, because that's something they can do when they have conflict with classmates or at home if things get chaotic. They've learned to stop and breathe, and it gives them time to think, and then they can respond instead of just a quick reaction which might be a bad decision." The class is held once a week and is a reward of sorts for good behavior and classroom performance. It is so popular, she is adding a boy's yoga session this month and will expand the girl's program in the near future.  
				
		
		
	SOPHIA, N.C. — Tucked inside New Market Elementary School is a world of technology and students are exploring all of it they can."Technology is such a huge part of our world today, and so we really think that it's important, especially at this young age, to start exposing them to all different kinds of technologies so that they are ready when they get older to have a future of creativity and critical thinking, because those are the jobs that they are going to be going for," Betsey Altman, the technology teacher, said. "And so when we build those at this young age, they're only going to progress and learn more as they get older."WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. — When you walk through the doors of Atkins High School in Winston-Salem, you immediately notice it. Something they call the Atkins way.  LEXINGTON, N.C. — It is an experiment that ended in great success. Southwood Elementary School in Lexington has Davidson County's first Spanish Immersion program. 
		

		

					
		
		
			
				
					
				
				
											
									
				
					
						
															

					
					
				
			
		

		
				

			
				


				
	
		

	
		

	
		

	
		

	
		

	
		

	
		

	
		


				
					
					

				
			
	

		
			

	
	
		

			
			
								
				

									Breaking News
				
				
			
		
	


	



			

	
			      		

			
					
	
	
	
		
		
		
		
			
			
		
					
		
					Posted: 		
					Updated: 			
		

	

	
		
		 			
			
			Please enable Javascript to watch this video

		
































		

		
			
	
		
			
							
						



	


	


	
		
	
	

		
	
					
				

	

	
			      		
			
		
			
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

			
		
	
						
			
	
			
	
			
			

		
	
			
							
					
	
	
			

	


							

					
								
			
	
			
	
			
			

		
	
			
							
					
	
	
			

	


							

					
								
			
	
			
	
			
			

		
	
			
							
					
	
	
			

	


							

					
			
		      	
			
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

			
				      			
			
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

			
		
	
		

		

			      		
			
			
			
			
		
			
			
			
			
			
		
			
			
			
			
			
		 
			
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	

			
			      		
	

			
				      			
	
	

		

		
		
			
		
	
		
		

	
		
		
							
					
				
										
					
				
					
	
		
		
							
					
				
										
					
				
					
	
	
	
								
			
		© 1998 - 2020 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved.	
	
			
				× Close Ad
			
			      		