https://www.cnn.com/politics/live-news/super-tuesday-results-2020/index.htmlSuper Tuesday primariesBy  and , CNNFrom CNN's Grace Sparks and Ryan StruykFormer Vice President Joe Biden's recipe for victory in Virginia: a coalition of  black voters, those over the age of 65, and voters who want to beat President Donald Trump in November.According to early exit polls, almost two-thirds of black Democratic voters in Virginia voted for Biden, with Sen. Bernie Sanders, the next-closest candidate, drawing around 1 in 5 of those voters. Seven in 10 Democratic voters over the age of 65 voted for Biden, both groups echoing his strong support that won him South Carolina this past weekend.Almost six in 10 voters in Virginia who want a candidate who can beat Trump in November voted for Biden, followed by one in five for Sanders, one in 10 for Mike Bloomberg, and one in 10 for Sen. Elizabeth Warren.From CNN's Lauren DezenskiVirginia's Democratic Rep. Abigail Spanberger has endorsed Joe Biden."Tonight, I’m proud to endorse @JoeBiden for President of the United States," Spanberger  moments after Virginia's polls closed. CNN called the race for Biden when polls closed at 7 p.m. ET.Spanberger was elected in 2018,  from Republican to Democrat.From CNN's Zachary B. Wolf and Adam LevyThe most important thing to remember is That's the number of  required to cinch the nomination. It's more than half the total of 3,979 pledged delegates.Two more key things: A candidate can get delegates only if they get to 15% of the vote at EITHER the state level OR in a particular congressional or state legislative district. Democrats allocate their delegates proportionally. That means a candidate could not get the most votes in any particular state but still amass a solid base of delegates if he or she is achieving the 15% thresholds.One good way to look at this is that it is 57 contests in the states, territories and the Democrats Abroad organization, but also hundreds of district-level contests. Candidates can get delegates either way..Former Vice President Joe Biden will win Virginia's Democratic primary, CNN projects. It's an early signal that his momentum is real. There are are stake in Virginia.Sen. Bernie Sanders will win his home state of , CNN projects.There are   at stake in Vermont tonight.: Sanders won the Democratic primary and Donald Trump won the Republican primary. From CNN's Dianne GallagherVoting has been extended by half an hour in one precinct, Snakebite Township in Bertie County. Therefore, all state results will be held until 8:10 p.m. ET, according to the North Carolina State Board of Elections.State protocol is that all results are held until all polls are closed across the state.Voting was extended in Snakebite because of a printer malfunction this morning.From CNN's Dan MericaMichael Bloomberg’s campaign expects that Joe Biden’s post-South Carolina rise – and the negative impact it could have on the former New York mayor – could be clearest in Virginia, a Bloomberg aide tells CNN.Bloomberg’s campaign, before Biden’s South Carolina win, saw Virginia as a place that they were competitive in. They had a sizable team on the ground, had spent nearly $18 million on TV and digital ads in Virginia and Bloomberg spent millions to help flip the commonwealth’s legislative bodies in 2018.But then Biden ran away with South Carolina and, this aide argues, the tide began to turn.: The media attention and boost from the South Carolina win; a slew of endorsements, including from Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and a host of the state’s congressional delegation; and the trio of top endorsements Biden received on Monday from Pete Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar and Beto O’Rourke.Polls will soon start closing in some states voting today.From CNN's Ryan Struyk and Grace SparksOne issue that's come up again and again in Democratic debates: Does the US economy work for everyone?Almost half of Super Tuesday Democratic primary voters in Virginia think the system needs a complete overhaul, according to early exit polls, while around the same number said they think it needs minor changes and 1 in 10 said the economy works well as it is.Voters responded similarly in Colorado, where around half said the economy needs an overhaul. Four in 10 there said it needs minor changes.Please enable JavaScript for a better experience.Super Tuesday primariesBy  and , CNNFrom CNN's Grace Sparks and Ryan StruykFormer Vice President Joe Biden's recipe for victory in Virginia: a coalition of  black voters, those over the age of 65, and voters who want to beat President Donald Trump in November.According to early exit polls, almost two-thirds of black Democratic voters in Virginia voted for Biden, with Sen. Bernie Sanders, the next-closest candidate, drawing around 1 in 5 of those voters. Seven in 10 Democratic voters over the age of 65 voted for Biden, both groups echoing his strong support that won him South Carolina this past weekend.Almost six in 10 voters in Virginia who want a candidate who can beat Trump in November voted for Biden, followed by one in five for Sanders, one in 10 for Mike Bloomberg, and one in 10 for Sen. Elizabeth Warren.From CNN's Lauren DezenskiVirginia's Democratic Rep. Abigail Spanberger has endorsed Joe Biden."Tonight, I’m proud to endorse @JoeBiden for President of the United States," Spanberger  moments after Virginia's polls closed. CNN called the race for Biden when polls closed at 7 p.m. ET.Spanberger was elected in 2018,  from Republican to Democrat.From CNN's Zachary B. Wolf and Adam LevyThe most important thing to remember is That's the number of  required to cinch the nomination. It's more than half the total of 3,979 pledged delegates.Two more key things: A candidate can get delegates only if they get to 15% of the vote at EITHER the state level OR in a particular congressional or state legislative district. Democrats allocate their delegates proportionally. That means a candidate could not get the most votes in any particular state but still amass a solid base of delegates if he or she is achieving the 15% thresholds.One good way to look at this is that it is 57 contests in the states, territories and the Democrats Abroad organization, but also hundreds of district-level contests. Candidates can get delegates either way..Former Vice President Joe Biden will win Virginia's Democratic primary, CNN projects. It's an early signal that his momentum is real. There are are stake in Virginia.Sen. Bernie Sanders will win his home state of , CNN projects.There are   at stake in Vermont tonight.: Sanders won the Democratic primary and Donald Trump won the Republican primary. From CNN's Dianne GallagherVoting has been extended by half an hour in one precinct, Snakebite Township in Bertie County. Therefore, all state results will be held until 8:10 p.m. ET, according to the North Carolina State Board of Elections.State protocol is that all results are held until all polls are closed across the state.Voting was extended in Snakebite because of a printer malfunction this morning.From CNN's Dan MericaMichael Bloomberg’s campaign expects that Joe Biden’s post-South Carolina rise – and the negative impact it could have on the former New York mayor – could be clearest in Virginia, a Bloomberg aide tells CNN.Bloomberg’s campaign, before Biden’s South Carolina win, saw Virginia as a place that they were competitive in. They had a sizable team on the ground, had spent nearly $18 million on TV and digital ads in Virginia and Bloomberg spent millions to help flip the commonwealth’s legislative bodies in 2018.But then Biden ran away with South Carolina and, this aide argues, the tide began to turn.: The media attention and boost from the South Carolina win; a slew of endorsements, including from Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and a host of the state’s congressional delegation; and the trio of top endorsements Biden received on Monday from Pete Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar and Beto O’Rourke.Polls will soon start closing in some states voting today.From CNN's Ryan Struyk and Grace SparksOne issue that's come up again and again in Democratic debates: Does the US economy work for everyone?Almost half of Super Tuesday Democratic primary voters in Virginia think the system needs a complete overhaul, according to early exit polls, while around the same number said they think it needs minor changes and 1 in 10 said the economy works well as it is.Voters responded similarly in Colorado, where around half said the economy needs an overhaul. Four in 10 there said it needs minor changes.Search 7:29 p.m. ET, March 3, 2020Share29 PostsSearch