https://www.cnn.com/2020/03/02/politics/gallery/super-tuesday-primaries-2020/index.htmlUpdated 7:19 PM ET, Tue March 3, 2020It's one of the biggest dates of the campaign calendar. has more presidential primaries than any other day, and this year's results should have a major say on who will become the Democratic nominee.A third of the party's pledged delegates  as 14 states and one US territory head to the polls.So far, CNN has projected the winners in two states. Former Vice President Joe Biden is projected to win the primary in Virginia, while US Sen. Bernie Sanders is projected to win in his home state of Vermont.Biden came into Super Tuesday with momentum after a dominating victory in Saturday's South Carolina primary. Sanders, however, won in Nevada and New Hampshire and came a close second in Iowa.Three candidates — Tom Steyer, Pete Buttigieg and Amy Klobuchar — dropped out after South Carolina, leaving just a handful of candidates remaining.Updated 7:19 PM ET, Tue March 3, 2020It's one of the biggest dates of the campaign calendar. has more presidential primaries than any other day, and this year's results should have a major say on who will become the Democratic nominee.A third of the party's pledged delegates  as 14 states and one US territory head to the polls.So far, CNN has projected the winners in two states. Former Vice President Joe Biden is projected to win the primary in Virginia, while US Sen. Bernie Sanders is projected to win in his home state of Vermont.Biden came into Super Tuesday with momentum after a dominating victory in Saturday's South Carolina primary. Sanders, however, won in Nevada and New Hampshire and came a close second in Iowa.Three candidates — Tom Steyer, Pete Buttigieg and Amy Klobuchar — dropped out after South Carolina, leaving just a handful of candidates remaining.
                    Search
                    
                Louise Wilcox checks her ballots after coming out of a booth in Mechanic Falls, Maine, on Tuesday, March 3.Robert F. Bukaty/APLouise Wilcox checks her ballots after coming out of a booth in Mechanic Falls, Maine, on Tuesday, March 3.Robert F. Bukaty/APElection officials in Arlington, Virginia, prepare to open the polls on Tuesday.Sue Dorfman/ZumaStickers reading "I Voted!" sit on a ballot box in San Francisco.David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty ImagesUS Sen. Elizabeth Warren, one of the Democratic candidates still in the race, speaks to supporters from the back of a pickup truck after she voted in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on Tuesday.Steven Senne/APA woman votes in Herndon, Virginia.Samuel Corum/Getty ImagesRobert Connors casts his ballot in Seekonk, Massachusetts.David Goldman/APA voter casts her ballot in Los Angeles.Etienne Laurent/EPA-EFE/ShutterstockFormer Vice President Joe Biden puts his hands on the shoulders of former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg, who dropped out of the race Sunday and endorsed Biden during a rally in Dallas on Monday.Elizabeth Frantz/ReutersBennett Stuart looks out from under a voting booth as his father casts an early ballot in Burbank, California, on Monday.Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty ImagesSupporters of US Sen. Bernie Sanders wait for the start of a campaign rally in St. Paul, Minnesota, on Monday.Kerem Yucel/AFP/Getty ImagesBiden, fresh off his win in South Carolina, attends a campaign rally in Houston on Monday.Michael Wyke/APSanders speaks at a campaign rally in San Jose, California, on Sunday. California is Super Tuesday's biggest prize.Erin Schaff/The New York Times/ReduxPeople vote early in Los Angeles.Mario Tama/Getty ImagesButtigieg announced  during a speech on Sunday. He won the Iowa caucuses in February.Scott Olson/Getty ImagesFormer New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg waves during a campaign stop in Manassas, Virginia, on Monday. He didn't compete in the first four contests of this campaign season.Joe Raedle/Getty ImagesUS Sen. Amy Klobuchar speaks in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Saturday, a couple of days before Patrick Semansky/APWarren shakes hands with supporters after speaking in Houston on Saturday.Mark Felix/AFP via Getty ImagesChurch congregants in Selma, Alabama, protest Bloomberg by  during a speech on Sunday.Butch Dill/APBiden takes photos with audience members at the end of a campaign event in Raleigh, North Carolina, on Saturday.Elizabeth Frantz/ReutersPeople in San Antonio wait in line to vote on Friday. It was early voting for Texas' presidential primary, one of 15 races on Super Tuesday.Eric Gay/APSanders supporters listen as the candidate speaks in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on Thursday.Brian Blanco/Getty ImagesWarren supporters react during her rally in Denver on Sunday.David Zalubowski/APSanders speaks during a campaign rally in Virginia Beach, Virginia, on Saturday.Eric Baradat/AFP via Getty ImagesSearch