https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2879037-mlb-issues-coronavirus-memo-says-there-are-no-plans-to-cancel-games?utm_source=cnn.com&utm_campaign=editorial&utm_medium=referralMajor League Baseball does not currently plan to cancel spring training or regular-season games as a result of the coronavirus outbreak, according to ESPN's .Passan reported the league handed out a memo to high-ranking baseball officials to say it was "'Passan shared some of the guidelines MLB outlined to teams. It recommended all players get the flu vaccine and are up to date with their necessary vaccinations. Also, players should avoid using pens from fans to sign autographs or signing items handed to them from the stands. reported Monday the NBA had sent a memo to its teams with similar advice on how to avoid the spread of the coronavirus.According to Wojnarowski and Lowe, the NBA has also engaged in discussions about how the outbreak might impact events leading up to the draft June 25. The league could limit access to combines and in-person workouts or cancel them altogether depending on how the situation evolves.reported the death toll from COVID-19 has already climbed higher than 3,000 people and that 90,000 cases have surfaced worldwide.Japanese politician Seiko Hashimotothe country could potentially postpone the Summer Olympics in Tokyo as a result of coronavirus. A number of otheracross the world have either been canceled or postponed.@ScottMillerBbl investigates how Astros' sign-stealing has had a 'life-altering' impact on some pitchers' careersThe Angels have their best chance to make a postseason run. Can they get it done?Major League Baseball does not currently plan to cancel spring training or regular-season games as a result of the coronavirus outbreak, according to ESPN's .Passan reported the league handed out a memo to high-ranking baseball officials to say it was "'Passan shared some of the guidelines MLB outlined to teams. It recommended all players get the flu vaccine and are up to date with their necessary vaccinations. Also, players should avoid using pens from fans to sign autographs or signing items handed to them from the stands. reported Monday the NBA had sent a memo to its teams with similar advice on how to avoid the spread of the coronavirus.According to Wojnarowski and Lowe, the NBA has also engaged in discussions about how the outbreak might impact events leading up to the draft June 25. The league could limit access to combines and in-person workouts or cancel them altogether depending on how the situation evolves.reported the death toll from COVID-19 has already climbed higher than 3,000 people and that 90,000 cases have surfaced worldwide.Japanese politician Seiko Hashimotothe country could potentially postpone the Summer Olympics in Tokyo as a result of coronavirus. A number of otheracross the world have either been canceled or postponed.@ScottMillerBbl investigates how Astros' sign-stealing has had a 'life-altering' impact on some pitchers' careersThe Angels have their best chance to make a postseason run. Can they get it done?