https://www.fox13now.com/news/local-news/state-of-utah-and-ywca-team-up-to-offer-new-maternal-mental-health-resourcesWould you like to receive local news notifications on your desktop?MenuSALT LAKE CITY — Maternal mental health took center stage on Utah's Capitol Hill this week. It's a problem that often goes untreated and leaves new mothers feeling alone and embarassed. But a new resource aims to bring the issue out of the darkness.In an event with the YWCA, mother and survivor Kelsie Oliver opened up about the mental health issues that put her in the hospital.Studies show one in three women experience problems during pregnancy, including anxiety, OCD or postpartum depression.One of the biggest issues doctors say is women often play down the symptoms are just hormonal changes.So the state is partnering with the YWCA to create . The website helps mothers search for doctors across the state who specialize in maternal mental health.But doctors say the most important step is to admit there is a problem.Funds for the new site and resources came from a 2019 legislative appropriation.Would you like to receive local news notifications on your desktop?MenuSALT LAKE CITY — Maternal mental health took center stage on Utah's Capitol Hill this week. It's a problem that often goes untreated and leaves new mothers feeling alone and embarassed. But a new resource aims to bring the issue out of the darkness.In an event with the YWCA, mother and survivor Kelsie Oliver opened up about the mental health issues that put her in the hospital.Studies show one in three women experience problems during pregnancy, including anxiety, OCD or postpartum depression.One of the biggest issues doctors say is women often play down the symptoms are just hormonal changes.So the state is partnering with the YWCA to create . The website helps mothers search for doctors across the state who specialize in maternal mental health.But doctors say the most important step is to admit there is a problem.Funds for the new site and resources came from a 2019 legislative appropriation.
              
              
              
              
            
    

        
          
            
              
                
                
                
              
            
          

          
              
    
        
    


          
        

        
            
            
        
      
          
          
      

        
          
            
              
              
                
                
                
              
            
          

          
              
                
              
          

          
              
    
        
    


          

          
            
              
              
            

            
              
            
          

          
            
              
              
              
          

          


          
            
          


          


            
              
                    
                        
                        
                    

                    
                      
                    
                  
                  
                        
                          
                              
                                  
                                  
                              
                              
                                  
                              
                            
                        
                    
                  
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
            

          
        

         
            
             
                

    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    


        
        	
        



             
             
               
                   
                   
               
             
            
         

      

    
      


   
        
            
                
                    
                        
                    

                    
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                    

                
            
        
    



    
  
      

        

            

            
                
            

            
                
                    
                    
    
        
            
        
    


                
            

            
              
        
    
              
            

              
               10:06 PM, Mar 01, 2020 
              


                  
                         
                  



              
                  
                      
                          
                            
                              
                                  
                                      FOX 13 News
                                          
                                  
                              
                          
                      
                  
              

              

                
                    



    
        

        
          
          
            
              
            
          
        

        
    

    
      
        
        
        Studies show one in three women experience problems during pregnancy, including anxiety, OCD or postpartum depression.  One of the biggest issues doctors say is women often play down the symptoms are just hormonal changes.  So the state is partnering with the YWCA to create a new online resource offering struggling mothers a pathway to help.
        
      
    

    
    
      
      
          
          
    
    
      
    



          
      
      
    
    





                

                
                    
    
        
            
        
    



                

                
                    Copyright 2020 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
                

                
                     


                

              
                  

    
                
            

                  
                  
                    
                  

            


              


        

      
    
    	

    
        

        
            
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
    



    
        

        
            
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
    



					
							
    

        
            
        

        
            
        
    


					

					

					
							© 2020 Scripps Media, Inc
					




				
    