https://www.cnn.com/2020/02/26/business/dunkin-donuts-snackin-bacon-trnd/index.htmlUpdated 9:57 AM ET, Thu February 27, 2020 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.While other fast food chains are rushing to launch , Dunkin' went in the opposite direction and released the ultimate snack for meat lovers. CNN's Danielle Wiener-Bronner contributed to this story.Updated 9:57 AM ET, Thu February 27, 2020 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.While other fast food chains are rushing to launch , Dunkin' went in the opposite direction and released the ultimate snack for meat lovers. CNN's Danielle Wiener-Bronner contributed to this story.
                    Search
                    
                Starting today, Snackin' Bacon will be available at Dunkin' restaurants nationwide. What's that, you wonder? It's just like it sounds: Eight half-strips of bacon wrapped up in a sleeve. "Here at Dunkin', we've been working hard to formulate the perfect afternoon pick-me-up and really, what's better than a bag full of bacon?" the Dunkin' wants you to know that it's not just any ordinary bacon. It's high-end bacon that's been smoked with natural cherrywood. It's then treated to a sweet and savory blend of brown sugar and black pepper seasoning. Read MoreIf that sounds familiar, it's because it's basically the same bacon used in Dunkin's Sweet Black Pepper Bacon Breakfast Sandwich, the company said. "With its classic flavors featured in everything from toothpaste to vodka, bacon is a phenomenon. But, at Dunkin', we believe the best way to enjoy bacon is simple: eat it." Dunkin'  nationally last November after a highly successful test of the product over the summer.The sandwich was framed as a way for the chain to capitalize on growing consumer interest in plant-based proteins — and take up more space in the increasingly competitive breakfast segment.Dunkin's Beyond Meat breakfast sandwichDunkin' first introduced a breakfast sandwich featuring Beyond Meat's meatless sausage in New York City last July. That test "exceeded our expectations," Dunkin' CEO Dave Hoffmann said in a statement months later. The Beyond Sausage Sandwich quickly became the second best-selling item in Dunkin's Manhattan stores, following the company's bacon, egg and cheese bagel. The enthusiastic customer reaction inspired Dunkin' to speed up the national launch, which was previously scheduled for January. Over 9,000 Dunkin' locations started serving the sandwich starting November 6.


SearchMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: Copyright 2018 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc.2018. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded   indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC.  All content of the Dow Jones branded indices Copyright S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2018 and/or its affiliates.