https://www.news5cleveland.com/news/made-us-smile/after-13-months-of-treatment-7-year-old-lorain-county-boy-is-now-cancer-freeWould you like to receive local news notifications on your desktop?MenuLORAIN COUNTY, Ohio — After 13 months of treatment, 7-year-old Alex Carico from Lorain County was officially declared cancer-free on Friday.After 13 months of treatment, 7-year-old Alex Carico was officially declared cancer-free today. It doesn’t get any better than this, folks.  On Friday, Alex received a round of applause from hospital staff who have cared for him during his months of treatment.He was diagnosed on New Year’s Eve 2019 after his cancer was discovered following an accident at school, where he hit his stomach on a lunch table and fell down. The pain never went away, so he went to the hospital two weeks later and doctors performed a scan that revealed a massive tumor.Doctors said the tumor wedged itself between some of his vital organs. His change of survival was 28%.Alex immediately began treatment, but his condition, and equally as important his spirit, began to waver. That’s when Michael Carico and his husband, Bill, made the decision to move to Lorain County in order to get treatment at University Hospitals.The treatments and his compromised immune system have kept Alex away from the classroom since he was diagnosed. However, the dream of being his own superhero and, eventually, getting back to school is what has pushed Alex through the 13 months of difficult treatments. A local artist helped Alex realize his dream, creating a comic book cover featuring "Super Alex."Would you like to receive local news notifications on your desktop?MenuLORAIN COUNTY, Ohio — After 13 months of treatment, 7-year-old Alex Carico from Lorain County was officially declared cancer-free on Friday.After 13 months of treatment, 7-year-old Alex Carico was officially declared cancer-free today. It doesn’t get any better than this, folks.  On Friday, Alex received a round of applause from hospital staff who have cared for him during his months of treatment.He was diagnosed on New Year’s Eve 2019 after his cancer was discovered following an accident at school, where he hit his stomach on a lunch table and fell down. The pain never went away, so he went to the hospital two weeks later and doctors performed a scan that revealed a massive tumor.Doctors said the tumor wedged itself between some of his vital organs. His change of survival was 28%.Alex immediately began treatment, but his condition, and equally as important his spirit, began to waver. That’s when Michael Carico and his husband, Bill, made the decision to move to Lorain County in order to get treatment at University Hospitals.The treatments and his compromised immune system have kept Alex away from the classroom since he was diagnosed. However, the dream of being his own superhero and, eventually, getting back to school is what has pushed Alex through the 13 months of difficult treatments. A local artist helped Alex realize his dream, creating a comic book cover featuring "Super Alex."
              
              
              
              
            
    

        
          
            
              
                
                
                
              
            
          

          
              
    
        
    


          
        

        
            
            
        
      
          
          
      

        
          
            
              
              
                
                
                
              
            
          

          
              
                
              
          

          
              
    
        
    


          

          
            
              
              
            

            
              
            
          

          
            
              
              
              
          

          


          
            
          


          


            
              
                    
                        
                        
                    

                    
                      
                    
                  
                  
                        
                          
                              
                                  
                                  
                              
                              
                                  
                              
                            
                        
                    
                  
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
        
    
            

          
        

         
            
             
                

    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    


        
        	
        



             
             
               
                   
                   
               
             
            
         

      

    
      




    
  
      

        

            

            
                
            

            
                
                    
                    
    
        
            
        
    


                
            

            
              
        
    
              
            

              
               2:33 PM, Feb 28, 2020 
              


                  
                         
                  



              
                  
                      
                          
                            
                                
                                    
                                
                            
                              
                                  
                                      
                                          
                                  
                              
                          
                      
                  
              

              

                
                    



    
        

        
          
          
            
              
            
          
        

        
    

    
      
        
        
        
        
      
    

    
    
      
      
          
          
    
    
      
    



          
          
          
      
      
    
    





                

                
                    
    
        
            
    
        
            


        
    


        
    



                

                
                    Copyright 2020 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
                

                
                     


                

              
                  

    
                
            

                  
                  

            


              


        

      
    
    	

    
        

        
            
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
    



    
        

        
            
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
        
        
        
    
        
    



					
							
    

        
            
        

        
            
        
    


					

					

					
							© 2020 Scripps Media, Inc
					




				
    