https://www.cbs17.com/news/local-news/wake-county-news/triangle-companys-cleaning-device-proven-to-kill-novel-coronavirus/by: RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) — As concerns grow about the novel coronavirus, some Triangle businesses are thinking about ways they can stop the spread of germs.The company, Enviro-Master, is a restroom hygiene business that cleans restrooms in restaurants, daycares, gymnasiums and other businesses across the Triangle.Enviro-Master has a product called the Virus Vaporizer that has been proven to kill viruses.“It contains a hospital-grade germicide that attacks the virus,” said Matt Berry with Enviro-Master.The spray creates a positive charge that sticks to all hard and soft surfaces in restrooms as well as other rooms in the businesses.“It kills all of the germs in all of the areas that you touch,” Berry said.Enviro-Master crews will use the Virus Vaporizer to clean the dining areas of restaurants and the playgrounds of daycares in addition to the restrooms.However, since it’s recently been discovered that novel coronavirus can spread through an infected patient’s feces, the main place this company uses this device to clean is in the restroom.“When you flush the toilet, you have thousands of little particles, and the fecal matter is in those particles,” Berry said.Berry said the vaporizer kills those germs and keeps the viruses from spreading.As the threat of novel coronavirus increases, Enviro-Master said they want to get the word out about their services so that businesses can do everything they can to keep their customers safe.“The groups most susceptible to this is the elderly and our young people,” Berry said. “Keeping everyone safe is vital, especially right now.”Since the novel coronavirus is so new, company officials with Enviro-Master said they have not had a lot of businesses specifically reach out to them about preventing the virus yet.Copyright 2020 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) — Only three percent of all teachers in America are nationally board-certified, which makes a distinction held by a Wake County school even more impressive."The number is 11. We have 11 nationally board-certified teachers," bragged Tammy Carey, principal of Barwell Road Elementary. WAKE FOREST, N.C. (WNCN) -- As the coronavirus continues to spread, a local agency says the crisis is impacting international adoptions. Some families have had to put their trips to pick up their children on hold indefinitely.RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) - A man was injured in a shooting in southeast Raleigh Monday night, police said.The shooting happened along the 3200 block of Tradewind Circle around 7:15 p.m. Monday. Police said a man suffered non-life-threatening injuries.by: RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) — As concerns grow about the novel coronavirus, some Triangle businesses are thinking about ways they can stop the spread of germs.The company, Enviro-Master, is a restroom hygiene business that cleans restrooms in restaurants, daycares, gymnasiums and other businesses across the Triangle.Enviro-Master has a product called the Virus Vaporizer that has been proven to kill viruses.“It contains a hospital-grade germicide that attacks the virus,” said Matt Berry with Enviro-Master.The spray creates a positive charge that sticks to all hard and soft surfaces in restrooms as well as other rooms in the businesses.“It kills all of the germs in all of the areas that you touch,” Berry said.Enviro-Master crews will use the Virus Vaporizer to clean the dining areas of restaurants and the playgrounds of daycares in addition to the restrooms.However, since it’s recently been discovered that novel coronavirus can spread through an infected patient’s feces, the main place this company uses this device to clean is in the restroom.“When you flush the toilet, you have thousands of little particles, and the fecal matter is in those particles,” Berry said.Berry said the vaporizer kills those germs and keeps the viruses from spreading.As the threat of novel coronavirus increases, Enviro-Master said they want to get the word out about their services so that businesses can do everything they can to keep their customers safe.“The groups most susceptible to this is the elderly and our young people,” Berry said. “Keeping everyone safe is vital, especially right now.”Since the novel coronavirus is so new, company officials with Enviro-Master said they have not had a lot of businesses specifically reach out to them about preventing the virus yet.Copyright 2020 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) — Only three percent of all teachers in America are nationally board-certified, which makes a distinction held by a Wake County school even more impressive."The number is 11. We have 11 nationally board-certified teachers," bragged Tammy Carey, principal of Barwell Road Elementary. WAKE FOREST, N.C. (WNCN) -- As the coronavirus continues to spread, a local agency says the crisis is impacting international adoptions. Some families have had to put their trips to pick up their children on hold indefinitely.RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) - A man was injured in a shooting in southeast Raleigh Monday night, police said.The shooting happened along the 3200 block of Tradewind Circle around 7:15 p.m. Monday. Police said a man suffered non-life-threatening injuries.
		

		

					
		
		
			
				
					
				
				
											
									
				
					
						
								      							

					
					
				
			
		

		
				

			
				


				
	
		

			
	
	
	
	
	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
	
		

			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
	
	
		

	
		

			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
	
		

			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					
			
	
	
	
	
			

	
			
	
	
	
	
	
			
	
	
	
	
	
			
	
	
	
	
	
	
		

	
		

	
		


				
					
					

				
			
	

		
			

	
	



			

	
			      		

			
			



		
	
	
	
		
		
		
		
			
			
		
					
		
					Posted: 		
					Updated: 			
							
		

	

	
		
		


































































 



		

		
					
	
					
				

	

	
			      		
						
			
	
			
	
			
			

		
	
			
							
					
	
	
			

	


							

					
								
			
	
			
	
			
			

		
	
			
							
					
	
	
			

	


							

					
								
			
	
			
	
			
			

		
	
			
							
					
	
	
			

	


							

					
			
		      	
			
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

			
				      			
			
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
	
			

	


							

					

			
		
	
		

		

			      		
			
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

					
		
			
	
	
	
	
			

	

			
			      		
	

			
				      			
	
	

		

		
		
			
		
	
		
		

	
		
		
							
					
				
										
					
				
					
	
		
		
							
					
				
										
					
				
					
	
	
	
								
			
		© 1998 - 2020 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved.	
	
			
				× Close Ad
			
			      		