https://www.wowt.com/content/news/Paid-parkers-frustrated-over-towed-away-vehicles-568425061.html A surprise ending for several people leaving a Broadway show in downtown Omaha last week. They found their cars missing.  After taking her sons to Stomp, Anchetta Marshall is making noise about her SUV being towed.Son said, “I thought it was stolen.”From a lot where she paid to park.Anchetta Marshall said, “It wasn’t just us but there were elderly people and other kids out here.”Friday night Anchetta paid 10 dollars at a kiosk in a privately owned public parking lot.There’s a small sticker that says display ticket on the dash and even on the receipt it says place face up on dash but neither here or there is there a warning that if you don’t your car will be towed.But Monday she paid Tow Pros $202 to get back her suburban. “I understand that he’s doing his job and he is under a contract but something needs to be done,” said Marshall.Joe Livingston of Tow Pros towed Anchettas vehicle and others though he won’t say how many from the lot where they paid to park.Joe Livingston said, “How am I going to tell the difference between someone who has paid and someone who didn’t pay if the receipt is not in the window, how Mike.” But Anchetta calls the kiosk too dark with signs too vague.“More light and then the signs on their need to say will be towed,” said Marshall. Suggestions that Livingston says he’s made to the lot management.Joe Livingston said, “I did what I was told to do, they said to tow anybody that did not have a sticker on the dash.”But the single mom who spent $160 on tickets so her sons could see a Broadway show had to pay 200 more for not putting the parking receipt on the dash. Though parkers aren’t warned of being towed if they don’t leave receipts on the dash, private parking signs are properly posted so it appears the vehicle removal was legal. The city prosecutor is reviewing the law to make sure. First Management which operates the parking lot did not return our phone call.
								Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or .
										
									 A surprise ending for several people leaving a Broadway show in downtown Omaha last week. They found their cars missing.  After taking her sons to Stomp, Anchetta Marshall is making noise about her SUV being towed.Son said, “I thought it was stolen.”From a lot where she paid to park.Anchetta Marshall said, “It wasn’t just us but there were elderly people and other kids out here.”Friday night Anchetta paid 10 dollars at a kiosk in a privately owned public parking lot.There’s a small sticker that says display ticket on the dash and even on the receipt it says place face up on dash but neither here or there is there a warning that if you don’t your car will be towed.But Monday she paid Tow Pros $202 to get back her suburban. “I understand that he’s doing his job and he is under a contract but something needs to be done,” said Marshall.Joe Livingston of Tow Pros towed Anchettas vehicle and others though he won’t say how many from the lot where they paid to park.Joe Livingston said, “How am I going to tell the difference between someone who has paid and someone who didn’t pay if the receipt is not in the window, how Mike.” But Anchetta calls the kiosk too dark with signs too vague.“More light and then the signs on their need to say will be towed,” said Marshall. Suggestions that Livingston says he’s made to the lot management.Joe Livingston said, “I did what I was told to do, they said to tow anybody that did not have a sticker on the dash.”But the single mom who spent $160 on tickets so her sons could see a Broadway show had to pay 200 more for not putting the parking receipt on the dash. Though parkers aren’t warned of being towed if they don’t leave receipts on the dash, private parking signs are properly posted so it appears the vehicle removal was legal. The city prosecutor is reviewing the law to make sure. First Management which operates the parking lot did not return our phone call.
								Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or .
										
									
					
						
														
													
						
													
						
							
								
												
											
									
									
										57°FOmaha, NE
									
								
							
						
					
								
				
					
					
					
												
																			
																
																
																
																							
														
																		
												
						
								
							
									
			
			
				
    					
						
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																				
																
					
					
			
		
									
					
	    					
							
						
						
				
							
					
				
		
						
																		
					
									
													
					
	
														
												
									
								
											
	
	
			
		
																											
				


																		
					
									
					
					
	
																	
									
								
											
	
	
						
	
		
	
	
	
	
																				
														 
				



	
	

	
											
		
			&nbsp|&nbsp
				
								
								
		
	
		
	
		
			
			
			
			
			
		
	
	
	
			
																
																														
							
																

								
									
													
										
																				
																														
																														
																														
																														
																														
																														
																														
																														
																
																		
							
															
					
					
	
																	
									



								
											
	
	
																									
																														
																														
																														
																														
																														
																														
																			
						
												
		


	
		
			
						
			
			
			
	

																									

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




				
	
	


		

																																																																																																			
									
				
			
			
				
				
												
				 
			
					
		
				
																		
							
															
					
					
	
																	
									
								
											
	
	




	
	
				
																		
							
															
					
					
	
																	
									
								
											
	
	
				
																		
							
															
					
					
	
																	
									
								
											
	
	
	
	
					
			
				
			
						
			
			
			
	

																									

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




																							

				
			
										

					
				
		
		
		
	




				
	
				
	
		
	
	


	
			                
		
				
				
		
	
		
	
	

	



																		
							
									
					
					
	
																	
									
								
											
	
	

			
		
		
					
								
							
										          																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																											
																																																																							
																																																																																														
																																																																													
																																																																													
																																																																													
																																																																																														
																																																						
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																																																																																							
																															
																				
																																																						
																																																								
																																																																																																																																												
																																																								
																																																																																																				
																																																																													
																																																																													
																																																								
																																																																													
																																																																													
																																																						
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																																																																		
																				
																				
																				
																																																						
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																								
																																																																													
																															
																				
																																																																																																																																																														
																																																						
																																																								
																																																																															
																																																								
																																																																																																																																																					
																																																																																																																																																																															
																																																																					
							
						
						
							
							
																																
																																
																																
																																
																																
																																
																																
														
															
																	WOWT NBC Omaha3501 Farnam StreetOmaha, NE 68131(402) 346-6666sixonline@wowt.com
																
													
					
          				
					
						
							
						
						
							
						
					
      	
							
																							wowt.com/a?a=568425061
									
					
				
								
									
								
										
					
					
						
							
								
								
							
							
								
								
																	Public File Liaison:
																					
																			
																									Station Contact Info:
																			WOWT NBC Omaha3501 Farnam StreetOmaha, NE 68131(402) 346-6666sixonline@wowt.com
																		
															
							
								
							
						
						
				