https://www.cnn.com/us/live-news/tennessee-tornado-march-2020/index.htmlSuper Tuesday primariesBy  and Mike Hayes, CNNDeadly storms and at least one tornado tore through Tennessee late last night and into this morning.Here's where things stand now:Nashville Mayor John Cooper said that while the deadly tornados devastated a commercial district in the city, it could have been worse.At least 22 people were killed across the state in the storms. Cooper said residents have banded together today to support first responders and each other."The city is a resilient city," he told CNN. "There's a local phrase here, we believe in Nashville, and boy, this is really true today."From CNN's Chuck JohnsonTennessee Secretary of State Tre Hargett said three counties have "significant damage to voting location" following the tornadoes last night. Officials offered alternative locations to voters in those areas for today's Super Tuesday vote.Every country in the state has polling locations open for Super Tuesday voters following the overnight tornadoes, Hargett's office said in a statement.Polls will remain open until 8 p.m. ET."Our prayers and thoughts go out to all the Tennesseans impacted by last night’s tornadoes," Hargett's office added in the statement.From CNN's Chuck JohnstonTennessee Emergency Management Agency now reports 22 people have died in the severe weather that went through middle Tennessee this morning. Here's the county breakdown: From CNN's Ali Zaslav President Trump said he plans to visit Tennessee on Friday, and said his team is already working with state officials.He began his remarks at the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference today by sending “warm wishes to the great people in Tennessee” in the wake of the “horrible, very vicious tornado."At least 19 people have died across Tennessee after the overnight storms, the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency confirms to CNN. Here's the county breakdown:From CNN's Pamela Kirkland and Dianne GallagherIf Alabama experiences severe weather, polling hours may be extended upon court order, depending on the severity of the situation, Grace Newcombe, the press secretary for Alabama's Secretary of State, tells CNN.The election will run as planned today, she said, but Secretary John Merrill has encouraged Alabamians to take extreme caution when traveling to the polls.Earlier today, two counties in Tennessee delayed voting following the deadly overnight tornadoes.Tennessee and Alabama are two of the 14 states voting in Super Tuesday elections today.From CNN's Ali ZaslavIn his first remarks on the tornado that devastated parts of Tennessee, President Trump said on Twitter that he’s sending “prayers for all of those affected.” He added they will continue to “monitor developments” and the federal government is with them “all of the way.”From CNN's Brandon MillerThe tornado warning for Davidson county, which includes the Nashville area, was issued at 12:35 a.m. local time. The damage report in East Nashville came in at 12:41 a.m, indicating residents in East Nashville received around six minutes of lead time. Residents to the west in Nashville would have had even less lead time. The first report that mentioned a large tornado confirmed on the ground "near Nashville" came in at 12:38 a.m. local time, which would have been as little as three minutes of lead time before the tornado was on the ground in and around Nashville. There was a severe thunderstorm warning that was issued at 12:10 a.m., which included Nashville and Davidson county, but it was not upgraded to a tornado warning until 12:35 a.m.Please enable JavaScript for a better experience.Super Tuesday primariesBy  and Mike Hayes, CNNDeadly storms and at least one tornado tore through Tennessee late last night and into this morning.Here's where things stand now:Nashville Mayor John Cooper said that while the deadly tornados devastated a commercial district in the city, it could have been worse.At least 22 people were killed across the state in the storms. Cooper said residents have banded together today to support first responders and each other."The city is a resilient city," he told CNN. "There's a local phrase here, we believe in Nashville, and boy, this is really true today."From CNN's Chuck JohnsonTennessee Secretary of State Tre Hargett said three counties have "significant damage to voting location" following the tornadoes last night. Officials offered alternative locations to voters in those areas for today's Super Tuesday vote.Every country in the state has polling locations open for Super Tuesday voters following the overnight tornadoes, Hargett's office said in a statement.Polls will remain open until 8 p.m. ET."Our prayers and thoughts go out to all the Tennesseans impacted by last night’s tornadoes," Hargett's office added in the statement.From CNN's Chuck JohnstonTennessee Emergency Management Agency now reports 22 people have died in the severe weather that went through middle Tennessee this morning. Here's the county breakdown: From CNN's Ali Zaslav President Trump said he plans to visit Tennessee on Friday, and said his team is already working with state officials.He began his remarks at the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference today by sending “warm wishes to the great people in Tennessee” in the wake of the “horrible, very vicious tornado."At least 19 people have died across Tennessee after the overnight storms, the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency confirms to CNN. Here's the county breakdown:From CNN's Pamela Kirkland and Dianne GallagherIf Alabama experiences severe weather, polling hours may be extended upon court order, depending on the severity of the situation, Grace Newcombe, the press secretary for Alabama's Secretary of State, tells CNN.The election will run as planned today, she said, but Secretary John Merrill has encouraged Alabamians to take extreme caution when traveling to the polls.Earlier today, two counties in Tennessee delayed voting following the deadly overnight tornadoes.Tennessee and Alabama are two of the 14 states voting in Super Tuesday elections today.From CNN's Ali ZaslavIn his first remarks on the tornado that devastated parts of Tennessee, President Trump said on Twitter that he’s sending “prayers for all of those affected.” He added they will continue to “monitor developments” and the federal government is with them “all of the way.”From CNN's Brandon MillerThe tornado warning for Davidson county, which includes the Nashville area, was issued at 12:35 a.m. local time. The damage report in East Nashville came in at 12:41 a.m, indicating residents in East Nashville received around six minutes of lead time. Residents to the west in Nashville would have had even less lead time. The first report that mentioned a large tornado confirmed on the ground "near Nashville" came in at 12:38 a.m. local time, which would have been as little as three minutes of lead time before the tornado was on the ground in and around Nashville. There was a severe thunderstorm warning that was issued at 12:10 a.m., which included Nashville and Davidson county, but it was not upgraded to a tornado warning until 12:35 a.m.Search 3:22 p.m. ET, March 3, 2020Share19 PostsSearch