https://wiki.creativecommons.org/wiki/Considerations_for_licensors_and_licenseesThe following list sets out some basic things that you should think about before you apply a Creative Commons license to your material, or use Creative Commons-licensed material. It is not an exhaustive list. If you have additional questions or concerns, feel free to post to one of our , send us an email at , send an email to one of our country  or obtain your own .Once you apply a CC license to your material, anyone who receives it  for as long as the material is protected by copyright and similar rights, even if you later stop distributing it.CC licenses are appropriate for all types of content you want to share publicly, .Any given work has multiple elements; e.g., text, images, music. Make sure to clearly  which of those are covered by the license.CC licenses are operative only where copyright, sui generis database rights, or  come into play. .If the material includes rights held by others, make sure to get permission to sublicense those rights under the CC license. If you created the material in the scope of your employment or as a work-for-hire, you may not be the holder of the rights and may need to get permission before applying a CC license.Prominently , such as publicity or trademark rights. This includes any content you used under exceptions or limitations to copyright, and any third party content used under another license (even if it is the same CC license as you applied).Consider what you hope to achieve by sharing your work when determining  to apply. For example, if you want it to appear in a Wikipedia article, it must be licensed using BY-SA or a compatible license.Think about any obligations you have, such as licensing requirements from a funding source, employment agreement, or limitations on your ability to use a CC license , that dictate which (if any) of the six CC licenses you can apply.If you are confident you have cleared all rights in the material, you may choose to warrant that the work does not violate the rights of any third parties.You have the option of  above and beyond what the license allows; for example, allowing licensees to translate ND-licensed material. If so, consider using  to indicate the additional permissions offered.You may indicate particular attribution parties, a URI for the material, and other attribution information for licensees to retain.You may ask licensees to adhere to your special requests, such as marking or describing changes they make to your material.The human-readable deed is a summary of, but not a replacement for, the . It does not explain everything you need to know before using licensed material.There are six different CC licenses. Two of the licenses prohibit the sharing of  (BY-ND, BY-NC-ND); three prohibit  (BY-NC, BY-NC-ND, BY-NC-SA), and two require adaptations be licensed  (BY-SA, BY-NC-SA).The current version (4.0) . Similarly, the  may differ in certain terms, such as dispute resolution and choice of law.The licensor should have  which elements of the work are subject to the license and which are not. For those elements that are not subject to the license, .The license does not contain a warranty, so if you think there may be third party rights in the material, you may want to clear those rights in advance.If the use you want to make of a work falls within an  to copyright or similar rights, you may do so. Those uses are unregulated by the license.All CC licenses require you provide  and  when you share it publicly. The specific requirements .All CC licenses prohibit you from  or imposing legal terms that would prevent others from doing what the license permits.Depending on what type of license is applied, you are limited in  and if so, .All CC licenses  when you fail to comply with its terms. If the material is under a 4.0 license, you must fix the problem within 30 days of discovery if you want your rights automatically reinstated.The licensor may make special requests when you use the material. We recommend you do so when reasonable, but that is your option and not your obligation.The following list sets out some basic things that you should think about before you apply a Creative Commons license to your material, or use Creative Commons-licensed material. It is not an exhaustive list. If you have additional questions or concerns, feel free to post to one of our , send us an email at , send an email to one of our country  or obtain your own .Once you apply a CC license to your material, anyone who receives it  for as long as the material is protected by copyright and similar rights, even if you later stop distributing it.CC licenses are appropriate for all types of content you want to share publicly, .Any given work has multiple elements; e.g., text, images, music. Make sure to clearly  which of those are covered by the license.CC licenses are operative only where copyright, sui generis database rights, or  come into play. .If the material includes rights held by others, make sure to get permission to sublicense those rights under the CC license. If you created the material in the scope of your employment or as a work-for-hire, you may not be the holder of the rights and may need to get permission before applying a CC license.Prominently , such as publicity or trademark rights. This includes any content you used under exceptions or limitations to copyright, and any third party content used under another license (even if it is the same CC license as you applied).Consider what you hope to achieve by sharing your work when determining  to apply. For example, if you want it to appear in a Wikipedia article, it must be licensed using BY-SA or a compatible license.Think about any obligations you have, such as licensing requirements from a funding source, employment agreement, or limitations on your ability to use a CC license , that dictate which (if any) of the six CC licenses you can apply.If you are confident you have cleared all rights in the material, you may choose to warrant that the work does not violate the rights of any third parties.You have the option of  above and beyond what the license allows; for example, allowing licensees to translate ND-licensed material. If so, consider using  to indicate the additional permissions offered.You may indicate particular attribution parties, a URI for the material, and other attribution information for licensees to retain.You may ask licensees to adhere to your special requests, such as marking or describing changes they make to your material.The human-readable deed is a summary of, but not a replacement for, the . It does not explain everything you need to know before using licensed material.There are six different CC licenses. Two of the licenses prohibit the sharing of  (BY-ND, BY-NC-ND); three prohibit  (BY-NC, BY-NC-ND, BY-NC-SA), and two require adaptations be licensed  (BY-SA, BY-NC-SA).The current version (4.0) . Similarly, the  may differ in certain terms, such as dispute resolution and choice of law.The licensor should have  which elements of the work are subject to the license and which are not. For those elements that are not subject to the license, .The license does not contain a warranty, so if you think there may be third party rights in the material, you may want to clear those rights in advance.If the use you want to make of a work falls within an  to copyright or similar rights, you may do so. Those uses are unregulated by the license.All CC licenses require you provide  and  when you share it publicly. The specific requirements .All CC licenses prohibit you from  or imposing legal terms that would prevent others from doing what the license permits.Depending on what type of license is applied, you are limited in  and if so, .All CC licenses  when you fail to comply with its terms. If the material is under a 4.0 license, you must fix the problem within 30 days of discovery if you want your rights automatically reinstated.The licensor may make special requests when you use the material. We recommend you do so when reasonable, but that is your option and not your obligation.





From Creative Commons


Jump to: , 









































































 
Retrieved from "" 
:  


































 





























